Let us see what love can do.
We can’t heal the world today. But we can begin with a voice of compassion, a heart of love, and an act of kindness.
Listen with curiosity. Speak with honesty. Act with integrity.
The most basic and powerful way to connect to another person is to listen. Just listen.
Knowledge speaks, but wisdom listens.
Deep listening is the kind of listening that can help relieve the suffering of another person.
Every person in this life has something to teach—and as soon as you accept that, you open yourself to truly listening.
There are no problems we cannot solve together, and very few that we can solve by ourselves.
I always wondered why somebody didn’t do something about that; then I realized that I am somebody.
Let us develop respect for all living things. Let us try to replace violence and intolerance with understanding, compassion and love.
We say 'things will turn out', but no. It's what we do that actually creates the future.
When one tugs at a single thing in nature, one finds it attached to the rest of the world.
Do not judge me by my success, judge me by how many times I fell down and got back up again.
I can be changed by what happens to me. But I refuse to be reduced by it.
Don’t let a bad day trick you into thinking you have a bad life.
Like tiny seeds with potent power to push through tough ground and become mighty trees, we hold innate reserves of unimaginable strength. We are resilient.
Hardships often prepare ordinary people for an extraordinary destiny.
Not all those who wander are lost.
Life can only be understood backwards but it must be lived forwards.
You have to create your life. You have to carve it, like a sculpture.
The purpose of life is to live it, to taste experience to the utmost, to reach out eagerly and without fear for newer and richer experience.
If you can't fly then run, if you can't run then walk, if you can't walk then crawl, but whatever you do you have to keep moving forward.
Ask yourself: Have you been kind today? Make kindness your modus operandi and change your world.
One kind word can warm three winter months.
You can be rich in spirit, kindness, love and all those things that you can't put a dollar sign on.
Do things for people not because of who they are or what they do in return, but because of who you are.
Ah, kindness. What a simple way to tell another struggling soul that there is love to be found in the world.
One of the greatest things you can do to help others is not just to share and give what you have, but to help them discover what they have within themselves to help themselves.
Believe that there's light at the end of the tunnel. Believe that you might be that light for someone else.
Great opportunities to help others seldom come, but small ones surround us every day.
If you get, give. If you learn, teach.
When I was a boy and I would see scary things in the news, my mother would say to me, ‘Look for the helpers. You will always find people who are helping.’
If the world seems cold to you, kindle fires to warm it.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
If we had no winter, the spring would not be so pleasant; if we did not sometimes taste of adversity, prosperity would not be so welcome.
Become a possibilitarian. No matter how dark things seem to be or actually are, raise your sights and see possibilities—always see them, for they’re always there.
Love is better than anger. Hope is better than fear. Optimism is better than despair. So let us be loving, hopeful and optimistic. And we’ll change the world.
Do all the good you can. By all the means you can. In all the ways you can. In all the places you can. At all the times you can. To all the people you can. As long as ever you can.
No one has ever become poor by giving.
Wherever there is a human in need, there is an opportunity for kindness and to make a difference.
From what we get, we can make a living; what we give, however, makes a life.
The heart that gives, gathers.
Touch the earth, speak of love, walk on common ground.
We all live with the objective of being happy; our lives are all different and yet the same.
We can find common ground only by moving to higher ground.
Our similarities bring us to a common ground; our differences allow us to be fascinated by each other.
We can learn to see each other and see ourselves in each other and recognize that human beings are more alike than we are unalike.
Infuse your life with action. Don't wait for it to happen. Make it happen. Make your own future. Make your own hope.
It's not enough to have lived. We should be determined to live for something. May I suggest that it be creating joy for others, sharing what we have for the betterment of personkind, bringing hope to the lost and love to the lonely.
Hope sees the invisible, feels the intangible, and achieves the impossible.
Hope is the thing with feathers that perches in the soul and sings the tunes without the words and never stops at all.
It is often in the darkest skies that we see the brightest stars.
Accomplishments will prove to be a journey, not a destination.
Make the most of yourself by fanning the tiny, inner sparks of possibility into flames of achievement.
There is no magic to achievement. It’s really about hard work, choices, and persistence.
It doesn't matter who you are or where you come from. The ability to triumph begins with you.
To achieve the impossible, it is precisely the unthinkable that must be thought.
The more grateful I am, the more beauty I see.
As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them.
At times our own light goes out and is rekindled by a spark from another person. Each of us has cause to think with deep gratitude of those who have lit the flame within us.
In our daily lives, we must see that it is not happiness that makes us grateful, but the gratefulness that makes us happy.
Gratitude unlocks the fullness of life. It turns what we have into enough, and more.
Work and live to serve others, leave the world a little better than you found it.
Generosity consists not the sum given, but the manner in which it is bestowed.
Charity and love are the same—with charity you give love, so don't just give money but reach out your hand instead.
In necessary things, unity; in disputed things, liberty; in all things, charity.
Charity is the root of all good works.
If you want others to be happy, practice compassion; if you want to be happy, practice compassion.
I know you've heard it a thousand times before, but it's true... hard work pays off. If you want to be good, you have to practice, practice, practice.
Do it again. Play it again. Sing it again. Read it again. Write it again. Sketch it again. Rehearse it again. Run it again. Try it again.
Because again is practice, and practice is improvement.
Take chances, make mistakes. That's how you grow.
Practice is the best of all instructors.
The world is incomprehensibly beautiful—an endless prospect of magic and wonder.
To be whole. To be complete. Wildness reminds us what it means to be human, what we are connected to rather than what we are separate from.
Of all the paths you take in life, make sure a few of them are dirt.
Nature brings solace in all troubles.
An early morning walk is a blessing for the whole day.
To forgive is to set a prisoner free and discover that the prisoner was you.
Without forgiveness, there's no future.
You have many choices. You can choose forgiveness over revenge, joy over despair. You can choose action over apathy.
Mistakes are always forgivable, if one has the courage to admit them.
True forgiveness is when you can say ‘Thank you for that experience’.
Don't ever forget that you're a citizen of this world, and there are things you can do to lift the human spirit, things that are easy, things that are free, things that you can do every day: civility, respect, kindness, character.
You may encounter many defeats, but you must not be defeated. In fact, it may be necessary to encounter the defeats, so you can know who you are, what you can rise from, how you can still come out of it.
People grow through experience if they meet life honestly and courageously. This is how character is built.
Our character is what we do when we think no one is looking.
Character consists of what you do on the third and fourth tries.
Laugh my friend, for laughter ignites a fire within the pit of your belly and awakens your being.
The most wasted of all days is one without laughter.
In all of living have much joy and laughter. Life is to be enjoyed not just endured.
May your walls know joy, may every room hold laughter, and every window open to great possibility.
Laughter is the shortest distance between two people.
Listen carefully. The answers to our deepest questions are often whispered.
With the gift of listening comes the gift of healing.
Listening is about being present, not just about being quiet.
Too often we underestimate the power of a touch, a smile, a kind word... all of which have the potential to turn a life around.
Listening is where love begins: listening to ourselves and then to our neighbors.
Be humble in your confidence yet courageous in your character.
Humility is not thinking less of yourself, it's thinking of yourself less.
True humility is being able to accept criticisms as graciously as we accept compliments.
Pride is concerned with who is right. Humility is concerned with what is right.
Humility is the solid foundation of all virtues.
Acceptance doesn't mean resignation; it means understanding that something is what it is and that there's got to be a way through it.
I think tolerance and acceptance and love is something that feeds every community.
Acceptance is simply love in practice. When you love, you accept, when you lack love, you judge.
As I get older, the more I stay focused on the acceptance of myself and others, and choose compassion over judgment and curiosity over fear.
It's worth remembering that it is often the small steps, not the giant leaps, that bring about the most lasting change.
Believe in yourself and go for it.
Keep your dreams alive. Understand to achieve anything requires faith and belief in yourself, vision, hard work, determination, and dedication. Remember all things are possible for those who believe.
Either I will find a way, or I will make one.
Believe in yourself and all that you are. Know that there is something inside you that is greater than any obstacle.
Don’t let others tell you what you can’t do. Don't let the limitations of others limit your vision. If you can remove your self-doubt and believe in yourself, you can achieve what you never thought possible.
Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened.
A smile is a curve that sets everything straight.
Just one smile, immensely increases the beauty, of the universe.
If you see someone without a smile, give them one of yours.
Every breath we take, every step we make, can be filled with peace, joy and serenity.
When we create peace and harmony and balance in our minds, we will find it in our lives.
Peace begins with a smile.
Choose love and peace will follow. Choose peace and love will follow.
Peace, like charity, begins at home.
May love and laughter light your days, and warm your heart and home. May good and faithful friends be yours wherever you may roam...
I believe in the spirit of equality and the spirit of this country as one of love and compassion and kindness.
We lose ourselves in the things we love. We find ourselves there, too.
You yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe deserve your love and affection.
You have the capability to change your life all with a simple shift in perspective.
The smallest change in perspective can transform a life. What tiny attitude adjustment might turn your world around?
It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see.
Wisdom is your perspective on life, your sense of balance, your understanding of how the various parts and principles apply and relate to each other.
The best ideas emerge when very different perspectives meet.
The biggest adventure you can take is to live the life of your dreams.
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things you didn't do than by the ones you did. So throw off the bowlines. Sail away from the safe harbor. Catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore. Dream. Discover.
Don't be pushed by your problems, be led by your dreams.
Although time seems to fly by, it never travels faster than one day at a time. Each day is a new opportunity to live your life to the fullest.
Every great dream begins with a dreamer.
Confidence comes not from always being right, but from not fearing to be wrong.
Each time we face our fear, we gain strength, courage and confidence in the doing.
Happiness and confidence are the prettiest things you can wear.
Education breeds confidence.
Do your little bit of good where you are; its those little bits of good put together that overwhelm the world.
A single act of kindness throws out roots in all directions, and the roots spring up and make new trees.
We rise by lifting others.
To achieve a kinder world, we must approach kindness with ambition and dedication. We must practice it in every moment of our lives. Kindness is that important.
How do we change the world? One random act of kindness at a time.
There’s a way to do it better. Find it.
Self-discipline coupled with passion and innovation will get you far in this world.
You have all the reason in the world to achieve your grandest dreams. Imagination plus innovation equals realization.
Vulnerability is the birthplace of innovation, creativity and change.
Innovation is to imagine the future and fill in the gaps.
I'm not afraid of storms, for I'm learning to sail my ship.
An investment in knowledge always pays the best interest.
A love of learning has a lot to do with learning that we are loved.
Education is everything—education is your power, education is your way in life for whatever you want to do.
Learning is a treasure that will follow its owner everywhere.
Unity is strength…when there is teamwork and collaboration, wonderful things can be achieved.
The essence of the beautiful is unity in variety.
United we stand, divided we fall.
Unity does not mean sameness. It means oneness of purpose.
So powerful is the light of unity that it can illuminate the whole earth.
Discovery is seeing what everybody else has seen, and thinking what nobody else has thought.
Mistakes are the portals of discovery.
The real voyage of discovery lies not in seeking new lands, but in seeing with new eyes.
There are always new things to find out if you go looking for them.
The greatest discovery of all time is that a person can change their future by merely changing their attitude.
Only a life lived for others is worth living.
Only those who have learned the power of sincere and selfless contribution experience life's deepest joy: true fulfillment.
There is nothing more beautiful than someone who goes out of their way to make life beautiful for others.
Selfless giving unto others represents one’s true wealth.
Then give to the world the best you have. And the best will come back to you.
I believe that the greatest gift you can give your family and the world is a healthy you.
You have power over your mind—not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength.
Friendship, love, health, energy, enthusiasm, and joy are the things that make life worth living and exploring.
When you get stronger everything in the world gets easier. Change yourself and you've changed everything.
Physical fitness is the first requisite of happiness.
Peace is always beautiful.
If there is to be peace in the world, there must be peace in the nations. If there is to be peace in the nations, there must be peace in the cities. If there is to be peace in the cities, there must be peace between neighbors. If there is to be peace between neighbors, there must be peace in the home. If there is to be peace in the home, there must be peace in the heart.
Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that.
When we have peace in our hearts and minds, we draw peace into our lives.
I truly believe the only way we can create global peace is through not only educating our minds, but our hearts and our souls.
Before you are a leader, success is all about growing yourself. When you become a leader, success is all about growing others.
Leadership is unlocking people's potential to become better.
If your actions create a legacy that inspires others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, then, you are an excellent leader.
Great things can be achieved by leading through wisdom, empathy, and integrity—with no other agenda than humanity.
Do not follow where the path may lead. Go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
I would rather walk with a friend in the dark, than alone in the light.
Good friends are like stars. You don't always see them, but you know they're always there.
Try to be a rainbow in someone's cloud.
Friends are medicine for a wounded heart and vitamins for a hopeful soul.
Anything is possible when you have the right people there to support you.
Be curious, not judgmental.
Above all, watch with glittering eyes the whole world around you, because the greatest secrets are always hidden in the most unlikely places.
Curiosity is more important than knowledge.
I think, at a child's birth, if a mother could ask a fairy godmother to endow it with the most useful gift, that gift would be curiosity.
Somewhere, something incredible is waiting to be known.
The world needs dreamers and the world needs doers. But above all, the world needs dreamers who do.
Our chief want is someone who will inspire us to be what we know we could be.
Encouragement is oxygen to the soul.
Correction does much, but encouragement does more.
Most of us, swimming against the tides of trouble the world knows nothing about, need only a bit of praise or encouragement—and we will make the goal.
I've been absolutely terrified every moment of my life and I've never let it keep me from doing a single thing that I wanted to do.
Embrace uncertainty. Some of the most beautiful chapters in our lives won’t have a title until much later.
A mind that is stretched by a new experience can never go back to its old dimensions.
And then there is the most dangerous risk of all...the risk of spending your life not doing what you want on the bet you can buy yourself the freedom to do it later.
No one can really predict to what heights you might soar. Even you will not know until you spread your wings.
Smile at the obstacle, for it is a bridge.
We shall never know all the good that a simple smile can do.
A warm smile is the universal language of kindness.
A gentle word, a kind look, a good-natured smile can work wonders and accomplish miracles.
If it wasn't hard, everyone would do it. It's the hard that makes it great.
The highest reward for man's toil is not what he gets for it, but what he becomes by it.
Success isn't always about greatness. It's about consistency. Consistent hard work leads to success. Greatness will come.
A dream doesn't become reality through magic; it takes sweat, determination, and hard work.
Far and away the best prize that life offers is the chance to work hard at work worth doing.
Be fearless in the pursuit of what sets your soul on fire.
It's your place in the world; it's your life. Go on and do all you can with it, and make it the life you want to live.
To be able to look back upon one's life in satisfaction, is to live twice.
The purpose of life, after all, is to live it, to taste experience to the utmost, to reach out eagerly and without fear for newer and richer experience.
Happiness, not in another place, but this place... not for another hour, but for this hour.
Joy is a decision, a really brave one, about how you are going to respond to life.
Find joy in everything you choose to do. Every job, relationship, home... it's your responsibility to love it, or change it.
If you carry joy in your heart, you can heal any moment.
Joy blooms where minds and hearts are open.
Like water in the desert is wisdom to the soul.
You know the difference between knowledge and wisdom? Knowledge is knowing tomato is a fruit. Wisdom is knowing you don't put tomato in a fruit salad.
Yesterday I was clever, so I wanted to change the world. Today I am wise, so I am changing myself.
Turn your wounds into wisdom.
We don't receive wisdom; we must discover it for ourselves after a journey that no one can take for us or spare us.
Good words bring good feelings to the heart. Speak with kindness, always.
That’s what kindness is. It’s not doing something for someone else because they can’t, but because you can.
Carry out a random act of kindness, with no expectation of reward, safe in the knowledge that one day someone might do the same for you.
What wisdom can you find that is greater than kindness?
Life doesn’t get easier or more forgiving, we get stronger and more resilient.
When I dare to be powerful to use my strength in the service of my vision then it becomes less and less important whether I am afraid.
When the power of love overcomes the love of power the world will know peace.
Peace is a day-to-day problem, the product of a multitude of events and judgments. Peace is not an ‘is,’ it is a ‘becoming.’
Inner peace doesn’t come from getting what we want, but from remembering who we are.
Peace is its own reward.
It isn’t enough to talk about peace. One must believe in it. And it isn’t enough to believe in it. One must work at it.
Optimism is a strategy for making a better future. Because unless you believe that the future can be better, you are unlikely to step up and take responsibility for making it so.
And you ask “what if I fall?" Oh but my darling, what if you fly?”
It’s not that optimism solves all of life’s problems; it is just that it can sometimes make the difference between coping and collapsing.
Perpetual optimism is a force multiplier.
No pessimist ever discovered the secrets of the stars, or sailed to an uncharted land, or opened a new heaven to the horizon of the spirit.
Stay afraid, but do it anyway. What’s important is the action. You don’t have to wait to be confident. Just do it and eventually the confidence will follow.
One must have the adventurous daring to accept oneself as a bundle of possibilities and undertake the most interesting game in the world - making the most of one's best.
Be proud to wear you.
I was always looking outside myself for strength and confidence but it comes from within. It is there all the time.
Every small positive change we make in ourselves repays us in confidence in the future.
Love does not dominate; it cultivates.
There is nothing I would not do for those who are really my friends. I have no notion of loving people by halves, it is not my nature.
Love in action is service.
Where there is love there is life.
At the touch of love everyone becomes a poet.
A friend may be waiting behind a stranger’s face.
Wherever we are, it is our friends that make our world.
Find a group of people who challenge and inspire you; spend a lot of time with them, and it will change your life.
There’s not a word yet for old friends who’ve just met.
There are good ships and wood ships, ships that sail the sea, but the best ships are friendships, may they always be!
At 211 degrees, water is hot. At 212 degrees, it boils. And with boiling water, comes steam. And with steam, you can power a train.
The key of persistence opens all doors closed by resistance.
You keep putting one foot in front of the other, and then one day you look back and you've climbed a mountain.
To persist with a goal, you must treasure the dream more than the costs of sacrifice to attain it.
Failure cannot cope with persistence.
Though no one can go back and make a brand new start, anyone can start from now and make a brand new ending.
A highly developed values system is like a compass. It serves as a guide to point you in the right direction when you are lost.
Don’t give up trying what you really want to do. Where there is love and inspiration, I don’t think you can go wrong.
When we strive to become better than we are, everything around us becomes better, too.
The most important thing is to try and inspire people so that they can be great in whatever they want to do.
Bad things do happen; how I respond to them defines my character and the quality of my life. I can choose to sit in perpetual sadness... or I can choose to rise from the pain and treasure the most precious gift I have—life itself.
Show me someone who has done something worthwhile, and I’ll show you someone who has overcome adversity.
It's not the load that breaks you down, it's the way you carry it.
Getting over a painful experience is much like crossing monkey bars. You have to let go at some point in order to move forward.
The creative is the place where no one else has ever been. You have to leave the city of your comfort and go into the wilderness of your intuition.
Creativity is allowing yourself to make mistakes. Art is knowing which ones to keep.
Creativity requires the courage to let go of certainties.
I am the me I choose to be.
Creative people do not see things for what they are; they see them for what they can be.
There was never a night or a problem that could defeat sunrise or hope.
Hope is a state of mind, not of the world. Hope, in this deep and powerful sense, is not the same as joy that things are going well…, but rather an ability to work for something because it is good.
Just as one cannot live without dreams, one cannot live without hope. If dreams reflect the past, hope summons the future.
We have always held to the hope, the belief, the conviction that there is a better life, a better world, beyond the horizon.
Hope smiles from the threshold of the year to come, whispering 'it will be happier'...
What greater thing is there for human souls than to feel that they are joined for life - to be with each other in silent unspeakable memories.
It didn’t matter how big our house was; it mattered that there was love in it.
The bond that links your true family is not one of blood, but of respect and joy in each other's life. Rarely do members of one family grow up under the same roof.
Having somewhere to go is home, having someone to love is family, having both is blessing.
This is my wish for you: peace of mind, prosperity through the year, happiness that multiplies, health for you and yours, fun around every corner, energy to chase your dreams, joy to fill your holidays!
Laughing cheerfulness throws the light of day on all the paths of life.
After every storm the sun will smile; for every problem there is a solution, and the soul's indefeasible duty is to be of good cheer.
I say to myself that I shall try to make my life like an open fireplace, so that people may be warmed and cheered by it and so go out themselves to warm and cheer.
The unselfish effort to bring cheer to others will be the beginning of a happier life for ourselves.
I have found that among its other benefits, giving liberates the soul of the giver.
If you have much, give of your wealth; if you have little, give of your heart.
Remember that the happiest people are not those getting more, but those giving more.
The greatest good you can do for another is not just share your riches, but to reveal to them their own.
Giving is not just about making a donation, it's about making a difference.
Peace is the result of retraining your mind to process life as it is, rather than as you think it should be.
Ultimately, we have just one moral duty: to reclaim large areas of peace in ourselves…,and to reflect it towards others. And the more peace there is in us, the more peace there will be in our troubled world.
It is tenderness for the past, courage for the present, hope for the future.  It is a fervent wish that every cup may overflow with blessings rich and eternal, and that every path may lead to peace.
Use your voice for kindness, your ears for compassion, your hands for charity, your mind for truth, and your heart for love.
Fear grows out of the things we think; it lives in our minds. Compassion grows out of the things we are, and lives in our hearts.
Our human compassion binds us the one to the other - not in pity or patronizingly, but as human beings who have learnt how to turn our common suffering into hope for the future.
True compassion means not only feeling another's pain but also being moved to help relieve it.
There is nobility in compassion, a beauty in empathy, a grace in forgiveness.
Two kinds of gratitude: the sudden kind we feel for what we take; the larger kind we feel for what we give.
Gratitude can transform common days into thanksgivings, turn routine jobs into joy, and change ordinary opportunities into blessings.
It's a funny thing about life, once you begin to take note of the things you are grateful for, you begin to lose sight of the things that you lack.
Let us be grateful to the people who make us happy; they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom.
Humility isn't denying your strengths; it's being honest about your weaknesses.
I claim to be a simple individual liable to err like any other fellow mortal. I own, however, that I have humility enough to confess my errors and to retrace my steps.
Humility is the ability to give up your pride and still retain your dignity.
There is a loftier ambition than merely to stand high in the world. It is to stoop down and lift mankind a little higher.
Your ambition should be to get as much life out of living as you possibly can, as much enjoyment, as much interest, as much experience, as much understanding. Not simply be what is generally called a ‘success.’
Ambition is enthusiasm with a purpose.
Ambition, fueled by compassion, wisdom and integrity, is a powerful force for good that will turn the wheels of industry and open the doors of opportunity for you and countless others.
When your ambition is greater than your fear, your life will get bigger than your dream.
The strongest trust is built by the smallest actions, the keeping of the little promises.
You don’t earn loyalty in a day. You earn loyalty day-by-day.
Loyalty is the pledge of truth to oneself and others.
No more important duty can be urged upon those who are entering the great theater of life than simple loyalty to their best convictions.
You cannot buy loyalty; you cannot buy the devotion of hearts, minds, and souls. You have to earn these things.
Grit is that ‘extra something’ that separates the most successful people from the rest. It’s the passion, perseverance, and stamina that we must channel in order to stick with our dreams until they become a reality.
Grit is the grain of character.
We like to think of our champions and idols as superheroes who were born different from us. We don’t like to think of them as relatively ordinary people who made themselves extraordinary.
The same boiling water that softens the potato hardens the egg. It's about what you're made of, not the circumstances.
What we accomplish in the marathon of life depends tremendously on our grit—our passion and perseverance for long-term goals.
I don’t like to gamble, but if there’s one thing I’m willing to bet on, it’s myself.
Put all excuses aside and remember this: You are capable.
Magic is believing in yourself, if you can do that, you can make anything happen.
Talk to yourself like you would to someone you love.
Believe in your infinite potential. Your only limitations are those you set upon yourself.
The ideals which have lighted my way, and time after time have given me new courage to face life cheerfully, have been kindness, beauty and truth.
Sometimes miracles are just good people with kind hearts.
No act of kindness is too small. The gift of kindness may start as a small ripple that over time can turn into a tidal wave affecting the lives of many.
Education is for improving the lives of others and for leaving your community and world better than you found it.
Education is not the filling of a pail, but the lighting of a fire.
The best teachers are those who show you where to look but don’t tell you what to see.
Education is a social process. Education is growth. Education is not a preparation for life; education is life itself.
Education is our passport to the future, for tomorrow belongs to the people who prepare for it today.
In all things of nature there is something of the marvelous.
Those who contemplate the beauty of the earth find reserves of strength that will endure as long as life lasts.
To find the universal elements enough; to find the air and the water exhilarating; to be refreshed by a morning walk or an evening saunter... to be thrilled by the stars at night—these are some of the rewards of the simple life.
We do not inherit the land from our ancestors, we borrow it from our children.
Those who find beauty in all of nature will find themselves at one with the secrets of life itself.
Integrity is the choice between what's convenient and what's right.
When you say 'yes' to others, make sure you aren't saying 'no' to yourself.
Integrity is what we say, what we do, and what we say we do.
Have the courage to say no. Have the courage to face the truth. Do the right thing because it is right. These are the magic keys to living your life with integrity.
If you don't stick to your values when they are being tested, they're not values: they're hobbies.
An exchange of empathy provides an entry point for a lot of people to see what healing feels like.
Whenever you are about to find fault with someone, ask yourself the following question: What fault of mine most nearly resembles the one I am about to criticize?
We think we listen, but very rarely do we listen with real understanding, true empathy. Yet listening, of this very special kind, is one of the most potent forces for change that I know.
Empathy is about finding echoes of another person in yourself.
How far you go in life depends on your being tender with the young, compassionate with the aged, sympathetic with the striving, and tolerant of the weak and the strong, because someday in your life, you will have been all of these.
Self-care is not self-indulgence, it is self-preservation.
There’s only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that’s your own self.
Rest and self-care are so important. When you take time to replenish your spirit, it allows you to serve from the overflow. You cannot serve from an empty vessel.
Mind. Body. Soul. These are the three things self-care is all about.
The people closest to me determine my level of success or failure. The better they are, the better I am. And if I want to go to the highest level, I can do it only with the help of other people. We have to take each other higher.
Cooperation is the thorough conviction that nobody can get there unless everybody gets there.
The strength of the team is each individual member. The strength of each member is the team.
Problems can become opportunities when the right people come together.
Individual commitment to a group effort - that is what makes a team work, a company work, a society work, a civilization work.
It is easier to reach our potential when we learn the value of including others in our quest.
To be fully seen by somebody, then, and be loved anyhow—this is a human offering that can border on miraculous.
Have a big enough heart to love unconditionally, and a broad enough mind to embrace the differences that make each of us unique.
The happiness of one's own heart alone cannot satisfy the soul; one must try to include, as necessary to one's own happiness, the happiness of others.
Nothing in life is to be feared. It is only to be understood. Now is the time to understand more, so that we may fear less.
Have the courage to follow your heart and intuition. They somehow already know what you truly want to become.
Courage doesn’t mean you don’t get afraid. Courage means you don’t let fear stop you.
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage.
In one of its earliest forms, the word courage meant ‘To speak one’s mind by telling all one’s heart.'
Some people want it to happen, some wish it would happen, others make it happen.
There are no shortcuts to any place worth going.
The only failure is quitting. Everything else is just gathering information.
There's only one way to succeed in anything, and that is to give it everything.
In the confrontation between the stream and the rock, the stream always wins- not through strength but by perseverance.
A good laugh heals a lot of hurts.
Laughter lightens the soul.
Laughter lets me relax. It’s the equivalent of taking a deep breath, letting it out and saying, ‘This, too, will pass.’
I have seen what a laugh can do. It can transform almost unbearable tears into something bearable, even hopeful.
Laughter is proof of hope.
Now is no time to think of what you do not have. Think of what you can do with what there is.
The mind is like a flower. It does not bloom without the lights of appreciation, encouragement, and love.
Enjoy the little things in life, for one day you may look back and realize they were the big things.
We can only be said to be alive in those moments when our hearts are conscious of our treasures.
We should cultivate the ability to say no to activities for which we have no interest or real concern. If we learn to say no to many things, then we will be able to say yes to the things that matter most.
The vision must be followed by the venture. It is not enough to stare up the steps - we must step up the stairs.
Don't stop until you're proud.
Good, better, best. Never let it rest. Until your good is better and your better is best.
When you look for things in life like love, meaning, motivation, it implies they are sitting behind a tree or under a rock. The most successful people in life recognize, that in life they create their own love, they manufacture their own meaning, they generate their own motivation.
It’s your reaction to adversity, not adversity itself that determines how your life’s story will develop.
Rock bottom became the solid foundation on which I rebuilt my life.
Sometimes, carrying on, just carrying on, is the superhuman achievement.
We will either find a way, or make one.
Persistence and resilience only come from having been given the chance to work though difficult problems.
Striving for success without hard work is like trying to harvest where you haven't planted.
Work hard and be kind and amazing things will happen.
If you go to work on your goals, your goals will go to work on you. If you go to work on your plan, your plan will go to work on you. Whatever good things we build end up building us.
The fruit of your own hard work is the sweetest.
If your dream is a big dream, and if you want your life to work on the high level you say you do, there’s no way around doing the work it takes to get you there.
For the strength of the Pack is the Wolf, and the strength of the Wolf is the Pack.
No doubt, unity is something to be desired, to be striven for, but it cannot be willed by mere declarations.
We are each other’s harvest; we are each other’s business; we are each other’s magnitude and bond.
It is not in numbers, but in unity, that our great strength lies.
If it doesn’t challenge you, it doesn’t change you.
Fitness is not about being better than someone else. It’s about being better than you used to be.
Energy & persistence conquer all things.
The purpose of training is to tighten up the slack, toughen the body, and polish the spirit.
Physical fitness is not only one of the most important keys to a healthy body, it is the basic of dynamic and creative intellectual activity.
The delicate balance of mentoring someone is not creating them in your own image, but giving them the opportunity to create themselves.
A good coach can change a game. A great coach can change a life.
Mentoring is a brain to pick, an ear to listen, and a push in the right direction.
My mentor said, ‘Let’s go do it,’ not ‘You go do it.’ How powerful when someone says, ‘Let’s!’.
A mentor is someone who sees more talent and ability within you, than you see in yourself, and helps bring it out of you.
The antidote to exhaustion isn’t rest. It’s nature.
I go to nature to be soothed and healed, and to have my senses put in order.
The joy of life comes from our encounters with new experiences, and hence there is no greater joy than to have an endlessly changing horizon, for each day to have a new and different sun.
No matter where you’re from, your dreams are valid.
Follow your dreams, they know the way.
Don’t ask what the world needs. Ask what makes you come alive, and go do it. Because what the world needs is people who have come alive.
You're off to Great Places!
Today is your day!
Your mountain is waiting,
So... get on your way!
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams! Live the life you've imagined.
One of the tests of leadership is the ability to recognize a problem before it becomes an emergency.
A leader is a dealer in hope.
A true leader has the confidence to stand alone, the courage to make tough decisions, and the compassion to listen to the needs of others. They do not set out to be a leader, but become one by the equality of their actions and the integrity of their intentions.
I think the next best thing to solving a problem is finding some humor in it.
Good humor is the sunshine of the mind.
Laugh as much as possible, always laugh. It's the sweetest thing one can do for oneself & one's fellow human beings.
You may not be able to change a situation, but with humor you can change your attitude about it.
Into each day, put in about one teaspoonful of good spirits, a dash of fun, a pinch of folly, a sprinkling of play, and a heaping cupful of good humor!
Practice puts brains in your muscles.
Always dream and shoot higher than you know you can do. Do not bother just to be better than your contemporaries or predecessors. Try to be better than yourself.
Practice isn't the thing you do once you're good. It's the thing you do that makes you good.
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit.
Everything we do is practice for something greater than where we currently are.  Practice only makes for improvement.
If you want to go fast, go alone. If you want to go far, go together.
Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed citizens can change the world; indeed, it's the only thing that ever has.
I am of the opinion that my life belongs to the whole community and as long as I live, it is my privilege to do for it whatever I can.
The greatness of a community is most accurately measured by the compassionate actions of its members.
There is no power for change greater than a community discovering what it cares about.
Nurture your minds with great thoughts. To believe in the heroic makes heroes.
Sometimes your only available transportation is a leap of faith.
Be strong, go with your heart, and believe in miracles because anything...anything can happen.
And above all, watch with glittering eyes the whole world around you because the greatest secrets are always hidden in the most unlikely places. Those who don't believe in magic will never find it.
To plant a garden is to believe in tomorrow.
Forgiveness does not change the past, but it does enlarge the future.
Forgive, forget. Bear with the faults of others as you would have them bear with yours.
It’s not an easy journey, to get to a place where you forgive people. But it is such a powerful place, because it frees you.
Forgiveness says you are given another chance to make a new beginning.
What would you attempt if you knew you could not fail?
I have a habit of letting my imagination run away from me. It always comes back though... drenched with possibilities.
Imagination is not just the catalyst of art, it’s also the catalyst of compassion.
Without leaps of imagination, or dreaming, we lose the excitement of possibilities. Dreaming, after all, is a form of planning.
Patience is more than simply learning to wait. It is having learned what is worth your time.
Have patience. All things are difficult before they become easy.
Patience is a form of wisdom. It demonstrates that we understand and accept the fact that sometimes things must unfold in their own time.
Patience is not simply the ability to wait - it's how we behave while we're waiting.
Patience is power. Patience is not an absence of action; rather it is "timing" it waits on the right time to act, for the right principles and in the right way.
Compassion for others begins with kindness to ourselves.
A kind gesture can reach a wound that only compassion can heal.
Our task must be to widen our circle of compassion, to embrace all living creatures and the whole of nature in its beauty.
There never was any heart truly great and generous, that was not also tender and compassionate.
Compassion is a power that we first bestow on ourselves and then give away through our actions—to people, to our planet. When we recognize this, that is when love becomes our legacy.
Surrender to what is, let go of what was, have faith in what will be.
Your vision will become clear only when you look into your heart. Who looks outside, dreams. Who looks inside awakens.
Mindfulness is not a mechanical process. It is developing a very gentle, kind, and creative awareness to the present moment.
A few simple tips for life: feet on the ground, head to the skies, heart open-quiet mind.
Mindfulness is the aware, balanced acceptance of the present experience... It is opening to or receiving the present moment, pleasant or unpleasant, just as it is, without either clinging to it or rejecting it.
Creativity is thinking up new things. Innovation is doing new things.
Innovation is taking two things that already exist and putting them together in a new way.
Innovation is the ability to see change as an opportunity – not a threat.
What good is an idea if it remains an idea? Try. Experiment. Iterate. Fail. Try again. Change the world.
Nobody grows old by merely living a number of years. People grow old by deserting their ideals. Years may wrinkle the skin, but to give up wrinkles the soul.
Fall seven times, stand up eight.
Some succeed because they are destined to, but most succeed because they are determined to.
If you have made mistakes, even serious ones, there is always another chance for you.  What we call failure is not the falling down, but the staying down.
There is no chance, no destiny, no fate, that can hinder or control the firm resolve of a determined soul.
Friendship is a strong and habitual inclination in two persons to promote the good and happiness of one another.
The most beautiful discovery true friends make is that they can grow separately without growing apart.
Friends are the family you choose.
Find life experiences and swallow them whole. Travel. Meet many people. Exhaust yourself in the glorious pursuit of life.
Do not let making a living prevent you from making a life.
You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself in any direction you choose. You're on your own. And you know what you know. You are the one who'll decide where to go.
The person who has lived the most is not the one with the most years, but the one with the richest experiences.
Life itself is a privilege. But to live life to the fullest- well, that is a choice.
Your circumstance doesn’t make life extraordinary. Love does.
And still, after all this time, the Sun has never said to the Earth,‘You owe me.’ Look what happens with love like that. It lights up the sky.
The best thing to hold onto in life is each other.
Believing that the dots will connect down the road will give you the confidence to follow your heart.
As is our confidence, so is our capacity.
What lies behind you and what lies in front of you pales in comparison to what lies inside you.
Live from the heart of yourself. Seek to be whole, not perfect.
Personality begins where comparison leaves off. Be unique. Be memorable. Be confident. Be proud.
Bravery shows up in everyday life when people have the courage to live their truth, their vision and their dreams.
Only when we're brave enough to explore the darkness will we discover the infinite power of our light.
Bravery is the audacity to be unhindered by failures, and to walk with freedom, strength, and hope, in the face of things unknown.
Be brave. Take risks. Nothing can substitute experience.
There is always light, if only we're brave enough to see it. If only we're brave enough to be it.
Give me six hours to chop down a tree, and I will spend the first four sharpening the axe.
First, I prepare. Then I have faith.
We cannot always build the future for our youth, but we can build our youth for the future.
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap, but by the seeds that you plant.
It's not the will to win that matters-everyone has that. It's the will to prepare to win that matters.
You can easily judge the character of others by how they treat those who can do nothing for them.
The greatest discovery of our generation is that human beings can alter their lives by altering their attitudes of mind. As you think, so shall you be.
What we know matters but who we are matters more.
The truth of your character is expressed through the choice of your actions.
A life is not important except in the impact it has on other lives.
Peace. It does not mean to be in a place where there is no noise, trouble or hard work. It means to be in the midst of those things and still be calm in your heart.
When you stay on purpose and refuse to be discouraged by fear, you align with the infinite self, in which all possibilities exist.
The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why.
When you know who you are; when your mission is clear and you burn with the inner fire of unbreakable will; no cold can touch your heart; no deluge can dampen your purpose. You know that you are alive.
There is no greater gift you can give or receive than to honor your calling. It's why you were born. And how you become most truly alive.
If you can't figure out your purpose, figure out your passion. For your passion will lead you right into your purpose.
Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow.
And suddenly you know: It's time to start something new and trust the magic of beginnings.
The secret of change is to focus all of your energy, not on fighting the old, but on building the new.
What the new year brings to you will depend a great deal on what you bring to the new year.
The joy of brightening other lives, bearing each others' burdens, easing others' loads and supplanting empty hearts and lives with generous gifts becomes for us the magic of the holidays.
Joy is increased by spreading it to others.
Joy is the holy fire that keeps our purpose warm and our intelligence aglow.
Balance, peace, and joy are the fruit of a successful life. It starts with recognizing your talents and finding ways to serve others by using them.
Spread love everywhere you go. Let no one ever come to you without leaving happier.
I would like for my life to be a statement of love and compassion- and where it isn’t, that’s where my work lies.
You always gain by giving love.
Blessed is the season which engages the whole world in a conspiracy of love.
Always be a little kinder than necessary.
Simple kindness may be the most vital key to the riddle of how human beings can live with each other in peace, and care properly for this planet we all share.
Extend yourself in kindness to other human beings wherever you can.
Courage. Kindness. Friendship. Character. These are the qualities that define us as human beings, and propel us, on occasion, to greatness.
It is our privilege and our adventure to discover our own special light.
Sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can.
The big challenge is to become all that you have the possibility of becoming.
Just remember, when it comes to your life, you are not only the artist but the masterpiece, as well.
When I started counting my blessings, my whole life turned around.
Gratitude is a powerful catalyst for happiness. It’s the spark that lights a fire of joy in your soul.
Thankfulness is the beginning of gratitude.
Start each day with a positive thought and a grateful heart.
We are made to persist. That's how we find out who we are.
This I do know beyond any reasonable doubt. Regardless of what you are doing, if you pump long enough, hard enough and enthusiastically enough, sooner or later the effort will bring forth the reward.
Consider the postage stamp: its usefulness consists in the ability to stick to one thing till it gets there.
The most essential factor is persistence—the determination never to allow your energy or enthusiasm to be dampened by discouragement.
Persistence can change failure into extraordinary achievement.
Where hope grows, miracles blossom.
This new day is too dear, with its hopes and invitations, to waste a moment on the yesterdays.
Hope is a passion for the possible.
Make living your life with absolute integrity and kindness your first priority.
Practice civility toward one another. Admire and emulate ethical behavior wherever you find it. Apply a rigid standard of morality to your lives; and if, periodically, you fail as you surely will, ­adjust your lives, not the standards.
Civility is the art and act of caring for others.
Genuine tolerance does not mean ignoring differences as if differences made no difference. Genuine tolerance means engaging differences within a bond of civility and respect.
You must be the change you wish to see in the world.
But where was I to start? The world is so vast, I shall start with the country I know best, my own. But my country is so very large. I had better start with my town. But my town too, is large. I had best start with my street. No: my home. No: my family. Never mind, I shall start with myself.
Each one of us can make a difference. Together we make a change.
In this life we cannot always do great things. But we can do small things with great love.
We do not need magic to transform our world. We carry all the power we need inside ourselves already. We have the power to imagine better.
The only place success comes before work is in the dictionary.
Work hard at work worth doing.
The only limit to the height of your achievements is the reach of your dreams and your willingness to work hard for them.
Work hard, be kind, and amazing things will happen.
A simple smile. That’s the start of opening your heart and being compassionate to others.
Let us always meet each other with smile, for the smile is the beginning of love.
What sunshine is to flowers, smiles are to humanity.
Anytime we can listen to our true self and give the care it requires, we do it not only for ourselves, but for the many others whose lives we touch.
When you recover or discover something that nourishes your soul and brings joy, care enough about yourself to make room for it in your life.
It’s not selfish to love yourself, take care of yourself, and to make your happiness a priority. It’s necessary.
When you take care of yourself, you’re a better person for others. When you feel good about yourself, you treat others better.
Self-care is a deliberate choice to gift yourself with people, places, things, events, and opportunities that recharge our personal battery and promote whole health — body, mind, and spirit.
Leadership is about empathy. It is about having the ability to relate to and connect with people for the purpose of inspiring and empowering their lives.
The nature of humanity, its essence, is to feel another’s pain as one’s own, and to act to take that pain away. There is a nobility in compassion, a beauty in empathy, a grace in forgiveness.
Empathy is the starting point for creating a community and taking action. It’s the impetus for creating change.
Empathy is simply listening, holding space, withholding judgment, emotionally connecting, and communicating that incredibly healing message of ‘you are not alone’.
Empathy is seeing with the eyes of another, listening with the ears of another, and feeling with the heart of another. – Alfred Adler
The cure for anything is salt water—tears, sweat, or the sea.
Now I know the secret of making the best persons; it is to grow in the open air and to eat and sleep with the Earth.
Wilderness is not a luxury, but a necessity of the human spirit.
Live in the sunshine, swim in the sea, drink the wild air’s salubrity.
Life's most urgent question is: What are you doing for others?
It’s good to be blessed. It’s better to be a blessing.
If you're not making someone else's life better, then you're wasting your time. Your life will become better by making other lives better.
Health and cheerfulness naturally beget each other.
To me, good health is more than just exercise and diet. It’s really a point of view and a mental attitude you have about yourself.
Exercise to be fit, not skinny.
It’s up to you today to start making healthy choices. Not choices that are just healthy for your body, but healthy for your mind.
Creativity involves breaking out of established patterns in order to look at things in a different way.
Curiosity about life in all of its aspects, I think, is still the secret of great creative people.
Happiness lies in the joy of achievement and the thrill of creative effort.
Create what sets your heart on fire and it will illuminate the path ahead.
Creativity is the way I share my soul with the world.
Kindness isn't sacrifice so much as it is being considerate for the feelings of others, sharing happiness, the unselfish thought, the spontaneous and friendly act, forgetfulness of our own present interests.
Take care, be kind, be considerate of other people and other species, and be loving.
Real strength entails being considerate and supportive of people's feelings.
Life is short but there is always time enough for courtesy.
A tree is known by its fruit; a person by their deeds. A good deed is never lost; whoever sows courtesy reaps friendship, and whoever plants kindness gathers love.
If you were born with the weakness to fall. You were born with the strength to rise.
Maybe who we are isn't so much about what we do, but rather what we're capable of when we least expect it.
For what it’s worth: It’s never too late to be whoever you want to be. I hope you live a life you’re proud of, and if you find you’re not, I hope you have the strength to start over again.
When something bad happens you have three choices. You can let it define you, let it destroy you, or you can let it strengthen you.
A true hero isn’t measured by the size of their strength, but by the strength of their heart.
Nature has been for me, for as long as I remember, a source of solace, inspiration, adventure, and delight; a home, a teacher, a companion.
I took a walk in the woods and came out taller than the trees.
There is something infinitely healing in the repeated refrains of nature – the assurance that dawn comes after night, and spring after winter.
A walk in nature, walks the soul back home.
I felt my lungs inflate with the onrush of scenery—air, mountains, trees, people. I thought, ‘This is what it is to be happy.’
It always seems impossible until its done.
Great things come from hard work and perseverance. No excuses.
Patience and perseverance have a magical effect before which difficulties disappear and obstacles vanish.
Today if anything is trying to hold you back, give no attention to it. Get your hopes up, get your faith up, look up, and get ready to rise up.
I think a hero is an ordinary individual who finds strength to persevere and endure in spite of overwhelming obstacles.
A smile starts on the lips, A grin spreads to the eyes, A chuckle comes from the belly; But a good laugh bursts forth from the soul, Overflows, and bubbles all around.
In this world, a good time to laugh is any time you can.
To thrive in life you need three bones. A wishbone. A backbone. And a funny bone.
What soap is to the body, laughter is to the soul.
I honestly think it's the thing I like most, to laugh. It cures a multitude of ills. It's probably the most important thing in a person.
Good character is the single most important attribute of a successful and worthy life.
Just as we develop our physical muscles through overcoming opposition – such as lifting weights – we develop our character muscles by overcoming challenges and adversity.
Our ability to handle life’s challenges is a measure of our strength of character.
Good character is more to be praised than outstanding talent. Most talents are to some extent a gift. Good character, by contrast, is not given to us. We have to build it piece by piece by thought, choice, courage and determination.
A life lived with integrity… is a shining star in whose light others may follow in the years to come.
The greatness of a man is not in how much wealth he acquires, but in his integrity and his ability to affect those around him positively.
Real integrity is doing the right thing, knowing that nobody’s going to know whether you did it or not.
The time is always right to do what is right.
Integrity is choosing courage over comfort; choosing what is right over what is fun, fast, or easy; and choosing to practice our values rather than simply professing them.
We are all in this together.
The foundation of freedom is unity.
Freedom lies in being bold.
There is nothing noble in being superior to your fellow man; true nobility is being superior to your former self.
Every person that you meet knows something you don't; learn from them.
Being humble means recognizing that we are not on earth to see how important we can become, but to see how much difference we can make in the lives of others.
If there is any kindness I can show, or any good thing I can do to any fellow being, let me do it now, and not deter or neglect it, as I shall not pass this way again.
Compassion is not just feeling with someone, but seeking to change the situation… if you are going to be compassionate, be prepared for action!
Compassion is the sometimes fatal capacity for feeling what it is like to live inside somebody else's skin. It's the knowledge that there can never really be any peace and joy for me until there is peace and joy finally for you too.
Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a harder battle.
Treat people the way you want to be treated. Talk to people the way you want to be talked to. Respect is earned, not given.
Respect is one of the greatest expressions of love.
Every human being, of whatever origin, of whatever station, deserves respect. We must each respect others even as we respect ourselves.
Respect is love in action.
For to be free is not merely to cast off one's chains, but to live in a way that respects and enhances the freedom of others.
The most basic of all human needs is the need to understand and be understood. The best way to understand people is to listen to them.
One of the most sincere forms of respect is actually listening to what another has to say.
The word 'listen' contains the same letters as the word 'silent'.
When you are listening to somebody, completely, attentively, then you are listening not only to the words, but also to the feeling of what is being conveyed, to the whole of it, not part of it.
Listening is an art that requires attention over talent, spirit over ego, others over self.
The first duty of love is to listen.
Patience is the calm acceptance that things can happen in a different order than the one you have in mind.
Patience, persistence and perspiration make an unbeatable combination for success.
It is time for us all to stand and cheer for the doer, the achiever – the one who recognizes the challenges and does something about it.
It is only as we develop others that we permanently succeed.
Never let the odds keep you from doing what you know in your heart you were meant to do.
Those who are lifting the world upward and onward are those who encourage more than criticize.
If we magnified blessings as much as we magnify disappointments, we would all be much happier.
Being thankful is not always experienced as a natural state of existence, we must work at it, akin to a type of strength training for the heart.
Today I choose to live with gratitude for the love that fills my heart, the peace that rests within my spirit, and the voice of hope that says all things are possible.
If you concentrate on finding whatever is good in every situation, you will discover that your life will suddenly be filled with gratitude, a feeling that nurtures the soul.
It is literally true that you can succeed best and quickest by helping others to succeed.
The way a team plays as a whole determines its success. You may have the greatest bunch of individual stars in the world, but if they don't play together, the club won't be worth a dime.
Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed citizens can change the world; indeed, it’s the only thing that ever has.
One person seeking glory doesn't accomplish much. Success is the result of people pulling together to meet common goals.
You can always, always give something, even if it is only kindness!
Kindness is the mark we leave on the world.
Love and kindness are never wasted. They always make a difference. They bless the one who receives them, and they bless you, the giver.
You can accomplish by kindness what you cannot by force.
Unexpected kindness is the most powerful, least costly, and most underrated agent of human change.
Your attitude towards problems, difficulties, and adversities is the most important factor in overcoming them.
When you get in a tight place and everything goes against you, till it seems as though you could not hold on a minute longer, never give up then, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn.
Success is to be measured not so much by the position that one has reached in life as by the obstacles which they have overcome.
Strength doesn't come from what you can do. It comes from overcoming the things you once thought you couldn't.
Hope begins in the dark, the stubborn hope that if you just show up and try to do the right thing, the dawn will come. You wait and watch and work: you don't give up.
Let your hopes, not your hurts, shape your future.
Hope is not pretending that troubles don't exist. It is the hope that they won't last forever. That hurts will be healed and difficulties overcome. That we will be led out of the darkness and into the sunshine.
They say a person needs just three things to be happy in this world: someone to love, something to do, and something to hope for.
Hope is important because it can make the present moment less difficult to bear. If we believe that tomorrow will be better, we can bear a hardship today.
Courage doesn't always roar. Sometimes courage is the little voice at the end of the day that says I'll try again tomorrow.
Courage is contagious. Every time we choose courage, we make everyone around us a little better and the world a little braver.
If the world is to be healed through human efforts, I am convinced it will be by ordinary people, people whose love for this life is even greater than their fear.
Courage is the most important of all the virtues because without courage, you can't practice any other virtue consistently.
Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak; courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen.
Our true work is not our job, that is what we do, not what we were created to do. Our true work is to look after each other, to protect each other and to be of benefit to one another.
In the time we have it is surely our duty to do all the good we can to all the people we can in all the ways we can.
To help yourself, help others. Whatever good you do travels a circle and returns to you many times over- but remember, life isn't about what you get, it's about what you become.
We have enough people who tell it like it is—now we could use a few who tell it like it can be.
An optimist understands that life can be a bumpy road, but at least it is leading somewhere. They learn from mistakes and failures, and are not afraid to fail again.
The greatest discovery of my generation is that human beings can alter their lives by altering their attitudes of mind.
Knowledge comes from learning. Wisdom comes from living.
It is said that wisdom lies not in seeing things, but seeing through things.
We are made wise not by the recollection of our past, but by the responsibility for our future.
Never mistake knowledge for wisdom. One helps you make a living; the other helps you make a life.
The invariable mark of wisdom is to see the miraculous in the common.
Life has many ways of testing a person's will, either by having nothing happen at all or by having everything happen all at once.
Difficulties are meant to rouse, not discourage. The human spirit is to grow strong by conflict.
We need to remember that circumstances don’t make a person, they reveal a person.
No soul that aspires can ever fail to rise; no heart that loves can ever be abandoned. Difficulties exist only that in overcoming them we may grow strong, and they who have suffered are able to save.
For beautiful eyes, look for the good in others; for beautiful lips, speak only words of kindness; and for poise, walk with the knowledge that you are never alone.
Beauty is the illumination of your soul.
Beauty is about being comfortable in your own skin. It's about knowing and accepting who you are.
Beauty begins the moment you decide to be yourself.
Beauty is not in the face; beauty is a light in the heart.
Life should not be a journey to the grave with the intention of arriving safely in a pretty and well-preserved body, but rather to skid in broadside in a cloud of smoke, thoroughly used up, totally worn out, and loudly proclaiming “Wow! What a Ride!”
If we were meant to stay in one place, we’d have roots instead of feet.
If you are making mistakes, then you are making new things, trying new things, learning, living, pushing yourself, changing yourself, changing your world. You're doing things you've never done before, and more importantly, you're doing something.
Practice the art of adventure by breaking the chain of routine, renewing your life through reading new books, traveling to new places, making new friends, taking up new hobbies and adopting new viewpoints.
When you come to the edge of all that you know, you must believe one of two things: either there will be ground to stand on, or you will be given wings to fly.
Pursue your passion, and everything else will fall into place. This is not being romantic. This is the highest order of pragmatism.
Passion is the genesis of genius.
Chase down your passion like it’s the last bus of the night.
If you feel like there’s something out there that you’re supposed to be doing, if you have a passion for it, then stop wishing and just do it.
Only passions, great passions, can elevate the soul to great things.
Choose to be optimistic, it feels better.
Happiness can be found in even the darkest of times, if only one remembers to turn on the light.
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says, ‘I’m possible’!
A pessimist is one who makes difficulties of his opportunities and an optimist is one who makes opportunities of his difficulties.
All you need is love.
The consciousness of loving and being loved brings a warmth and a richness to life that nothing else can bring. Who, being loved, is poor?
How do you spell love? (Piglet)
You don't spell love. You feel it. (Winnie-the-Pooh)
Love and kindness are never wasted. They always make a difference.
Don't fear failure so much that you refuse to try new things. The saddest summary of life contains three descriptions: could have, might have and should have.
My mission in life is not merely to survive, but to thrive; and to do so with some passion, some compassion, some humor, and some style.
To live a life fulfilled reflect on the things you have with gratitude.
I don't want to get to the end of my life and find that I just lived the length of it. I want to have lived the width of it as well.
Friendship is born at that moment when one person says to another: "What! You too? I thought I was the only one!"
Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.
Love recognizes no barriers. It jumps hurdles, leaps fences, penetrates walls to arrive at its destination, full of hope.
Literacy is a bridge from misery to hope.
All men are created equal... with certain unalienable Rights... among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness.
Everybody can be great. Because anybody can serve.
There are men and women who make the world better just by being the kind of people they are. It really matters very little whether they are behind the wheel of a truck or running a business or bringing up a family. They teach the truth by living it.
Character may be manifested in the great moments, but it is made in the small ones.
Greatness is not found in possessions, power, position, or prestige. It is discovered in goodness, humility, service, and character.
Watch your thoughts; for they become words.
Watch your words; for they become actions.
Watch your actions; for they become habits.
Watch your habits; for they become character.
Watch your character for it will become your destiny.
Life takes on meaning when you become motivated, set goals and charge after them in an unstoppable manner.
Take a method and try it. If it fails, admit it frankly, and try another. But by all means, try something.
It is a grand thing to rise in the world. The ambition to do so is the very salt of the earth. It is the parent of all enterprise, and the cause of all improvement.
You may be whatever you resolve to be. Determine to be something in the world and you will be something. “I cannot,” never accomplished anything; "I will try,” has wrought wonders.
Carry good cheer in the morning;
Carry good cheer in the night.
Effort is sweeter and living completer,
If ever we walk in love's light.
May you always be blessed with walls for the wind. A roof for the rain. A warm cup of tea by the fire. Laughter to cheer you. Those you love near you. And all that your heart might desire.
Cheers to a new year and another chance for us to get it right.
There is no mistaking love. It is the common fiber of life, the flame that heats our soul, energizes our spirit and supplies passion to our lives.
The love we give away is the only love we keep.
Love is always bestowed as a gift—freely, willingly, and without expectation. We don’t love to be loved, we love to love.
Fear less, hope more; Eat less, chew more; Whine less, breathe more; Talk less, say more; Love more, and all good things will be yours!
I sustain myself with the love of family.
Families are the compass that guides us. They are the inspiration to reach great heights, and our comfort when we occasionally falter.
We must take care of our families wherever we find them.
Call it a clan, call it a network, call it a tribe, call it a family: Whatever you call it, whoever you are, you need one.
Family and friendships are two of the greatest facilitators of happiness.
Let your joy be in your journey—not in some distant goal.
The joy we feel has little to do with the circumstances of our lives and everything to do with the focus of our lives.
The essence of life is not in the great victories and grand failures, but in the simple joys.
I define joy as a sustained sense of well-being and internal peace—a connection to what matters.
Our greatness has always come from people who expect nothing and take nothing for granted—folks who work hard for what they have, then reach back and help others after them.
In helping others, we shall help ourselves, for whatever good we give out completes the circle and comes back to us.
We can't help everyone, but everyone can help someone.
In the end, though, maybe we must all give up trying to pay back the people in this world who sustain our lives. In the end, maybe it's wiser to surrender before the miraculous scope of human generosity and to just keep saying thank you, forever and sincerely, for as long as we have voices.
It is not joy that makes us grateful; it is gratitude that makes us joyful.
Gratitude unlocks the fullness of life. It turns what we have into enough, and more.
Compassion is the keen awareness of the interdependence of all things.
If your compassion does not include yourself, it is incomplete.
Let our hearts be stretched out in compassion toward others, for everyone is walking his or her own difficult path.
Kindness can become its own motive. We are made kind by being kind.
Constant kindness can accomplish much. As the sun makes ice melt, kindness causes misunderstanding, mistrust, and hostility to evaporate.
Three things in human life are important. The first is to be kind. The second is to be kind. And the third is to be kind.
Guard well within yourself that treasure, kindness. Know how to give without hesitation, how to lose without regret, how to acquire without meanness.
Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly.
Behind every great achievement is a dreamer of great dreams.
What is now proved was once only imagined.
The innovation point is the pivotal moment when talented and motivated people seek the opportunity to act on their ideas and dreams.
Every once in a while, a new technology, an old problem, and a big idea turn into an innovation.
The problems of the world cannot possibly be solved by skeptics or cynics whose horizons are limited by the obvious realities. We need people who can dream of things that never were and ask 'why not'?
Don’t ever regret being honest. Period.
Truth never damages a cause that is just.
Prefer a loss to a dishonest gain; the one brings pain at the moment, the other for all time.
Be true to your work, your word, and your friend.
When you walk a life of honesty, you live a life of truth.
Light tomorrow with today.
Be strong. You never know who you are inspiring.
We must not allow the clock and the calendar to blind us to the fact that each moment of life is a miracle and mystery.
I dwell in possibility.
Keep your face always toward the sunshine—and shadows will fall behind you.
The gem cannot be polished without friction, nor a person perfected without trials.
The most beautiful people I’ve known are those who have known trials, have known struggles, have known loss, and have found their way out of the depths… Beautiful people do not just happen
You are a match for your mountain.
Being aware of your fear is smart. Overcoming it is the mark of a successful person.
I will love the light for it shows me the way, yet I will endure the darkness because it shows me the stars
Trust is earned, respect is given, and loyalty is demonstrated. Betrayal of any one of those is to lose all three.
Everybody wants loyalty, consistency and somebody who won't quit. But everybody forgets that to get that person, you have to be that person.
Loyalty is what makes us trust, trust is what makes us stay, staying is what makes us love, and love is what gives us hope.
Loyalty is something you give regardless of what you get back, and in giving loyalty, you’re getting more loyalty; and out of loyalty flow other great qualities.
Whatever you can do or dream you can, begin it. Boldness has genius, power, and magic in it.
Make no small plans for they have no power to stir the soul.
So many of our dreams at first seem impossible, then they seem improbable, and then, when we summon the will, they soon become inevitable.
We are designed with a dreaming brain and a hopeful spirit; it is our nature to envision the life of our dreams. And while dreaming comes easy to us, we must never forget that it takes strength, dedication, and courageous action to bring that dream to life.
Failure is often that early morning hour of darkness which precedes the dawning of the day of success.
Success is no accident. It is hard work, perseverance, learning, studying, sacrifice and most of all, love of what you are doing or leading to do.
Permanence, perseverance and persistence in spite of all obstacles, discouragements, and impossibilities: It is this that in all things distinguishes the strong soul from the weak.
When obstacles arise, you change your direction to reach your goal, you do not change your decision to get there.
Effort only fully releases its reward after a person refuses to quit.
Few things leave a deeper mark on the reader, than the first book that finds its way to her heart.
life, seek the company of a friendly book… from the reading of ‘good books’ there comes a richness of life that can be obtained in no other way.
She read books as one would breathe air, to fill up and live.
The more that you read, the more things you will know. The more that you learn, the more places you'll go.
In the case of good books, the point is not to see how many of them you can get through, but rather how many can get through to you.
Between stimulus and response there is a space. In that space is our power to choose our response. In our response lies our growth and our freedom.
How you look at it is pretty much how you’ll see it.
“What day is it?” asked Pooh. “It’s today,” squeaked Piglet. “My favorite day,” said Pooh.
Whatever the present moment contains, accept it as if you had chosen it. Always work with it, not against it.
Mindfulness is simply being aware of what is happening right now without wishing it were different; enjoying the pleasant without holding on when it changes (which it will); being with the unpleasant without fearing it will always be this way (which it won’t).
They say a person needs just three things to be truly happy in this world: someone to love, something to do, and something to hope for.
Chance is always powerful. Let your hook be always cast; in the pool where you least expect it, there will be a fish.
The best way to not feel hopeless is to get up and do something. Don’t wait for good things to happen to you. If you go out and make some good things happen, you will fill the world with hope, you will fill yourself with hope.
We must accept finite disappointment, but we must never lose infinite hope.
Hope can be a powerful force. Maybe there's no actual magic in it, but when you know what you hope for most and hold it like a light within you, you can make things happen, almost like magic.
Most people are like you and me, or the people across the street or around the world from you and me. Just like you and me, their hearts tell them that somewhere, somehow, they can make a positive difference in the world.
Aim to make a difference in someone’s life every single day, including your own.
It takes each of us to make a difference for all of us.
Never underestimate the valuable and important difference you make in every life you touch for the impact you make today has a powerful rippling effect on every tomorrow.
What you do makes a difference and you have to decide what kind of a difference you want to make.
We all came in on different ships, but we're all in the same boat now.
The diversity in the human family should be the cause of love and harmony, as it is in music where many different notes blend together in the making of a perfect chord.
Nurturing an inclusive culture begins in the family. Home is the first place to foster openness and a culture of inclusion.
We could learn a lot from crayons; some are sharp, some are pretty, some are dull, while others bright, some have weird names, but they all have learned to live together in the same box.
Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate. Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure. It is our light, not our darkness, that frightens us most. We ask ourselves, who am I to be brilliant, gorgeous, talented and fabulous? Actually who are you not to be?
Your self-worth is determined by you. You don’t have to depend on someone telling you who you are.
Trust yourself. Create the kind of self that you will be happy to live with all your life. Make the most of yourself by fanning the tiny, inner sparks of possibility into flames of achievement.
When I was a child my mother said to me, ‘If you become a soldier, you’ll be a general. If you become a monk, you’ll be the pope.’ Instead I became a painter and wound up as Picasso.
The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity.
Trying is winning in the moment.
Do the one thing you think you cannot do. Fail at it. Try again. Do better the second time.
Concern yourself not with what you tried and failed in, but with what it is still possible for you to do.
Nothing really worth having is easy to get. The hard-fought battles, the goals won with sacrifice, are the ones that matter.
We carry within us, the wonders we seek around us.
Always be on the lookout for the presence of wonder.
There are no great limits to growth because there are no limits of human intelligence, imagination, and wonder.
Wonder is the beginning of wisdom.
When it comes to health and well-being, regular exercise is about as close to a magic potion as you can get.
Movement is a medicine for creating change in a person's physical, emotional, and mental states.
A bear, however hard he tries, grows tubby without exercise.
True enjoyment comes from activity of the mind and exercise of the body; the two are ever united.
Fitness helps me think better, feel better, and move better.
To practice any art, no matter how well or badly, is a way to make your soul grow. So do it.
Make visible what, without you, might perhaps never have been seen.
What is creative living? Any life that is driven more strongly by curiosity than by fear.
The most creative act you will ever undertake is the act of creating yourself.
The desire to create is one of the deepest yearnings of the human soul.
We have become not a melting pot but a beautiful mosaic. Different people, different beliefs, different yearnings, different hopes, different dreams.
All for one and one for all, united we stand divided we fall.
Alone we can do so little; together we can do so much.
Service to a just cause rewards the worker with more real happiness and satisfaction than any other venture of life.
Service to others is the rent you pay for your room here on earth.
Wherever you turn, you can find someone who needs you. Even if it is a little thing, do something for which there is no pay but the privilege of doing it. Remember, you don’t live in the world all of your own.
If you become a helper of hearts, springs of wisdom will flow from your heart.
If our hopes of building a better and safer world are to become more than wishful thinking, we will need the engagement of volunteers more than ever.
Speak a word of affirmation at the right moment in a child's life and it's like lighting up a whole roomful of possibilities.
Biology is the least of what makes someone a mother.
Having kids—the responsibility of rearing good, kind, ethical, responsible human beings—is the biggest job anyone can embark on.
There is no such thing as a perfect parent so just be a real one.
Each day of our lives we make deposits in the memory banks of our children.
Do you know the difference between education and experience? Education is when you read the fine print; experience is what you get when you don't.
Children must be taught how to think, not what to think.
True education does not consist merely in the acquiring of a few facts of science, history, literature, or art, but in the development of character.
One child, one teacher, one book, one pen can change the world.
Education is the way to move mountains, to build bridges, to change the world.
The Earth is a fine place and worth fighting for.
Nature is painting for us, day after day, pictures of infinite beauty.
Knowing that you love the earth changes you, activates you to defend and protect and celebrate. But when you feel that the earth loves you in return, that feeling transforms the relationship from a one-way street into a sacred bond.
No duty is more urgent than that of returning thanks.
I have never been a millionaire. But I have enjoyed a great meal, a crackling fire, a glorious sunset, a walk with a friend, a hug from a child, a cup of soup, a kiss behind the ear. There are plenty of life’s tiny delights for all of us.
Appreciation...acknowledges the presence of good wherever you shine the light of your thankful thoughts.
The most fortunate are those who have a wonderful capacity to appreciate again and again, freshly and naively, the basic goods of life, with awe, pleasure, wonder.
The legacy of heroes is the memory of a great name and the inheritance of a great example.
Blessed are those who can give without remembering and take without forgetting.
We are here to add what we can to life, not to get what we can from life.
Ambition is the path to success. Persistence is the vehicle you arrive in.
Knowing trees, I understand the meaning of patience. Knowing grass, I can appreciate persistence.
It’s what you learn after you know it all that counts.
Learning is not attained by chance, it must be sought for with ardor and attended to with diligence.
You don’t learn to walk by following rules. You learn by doing, and by falling over.
There are no mistakes in life, only lessons. There is no such thing as a negative experience, only opportunities to grow, learn and advance along the road of self-mastery.
The only real mistake is the one from which we learn nothing.
It is your response to winning and losing that makes you a winner or a loser.
Victory is in the quality of the competition, not just the final score.
Somewhere behind the athlete you've become and the hours of practice and the coaches who have pushed you is a little girl who fell in love with the game and never looked back... play for her.
Do you know what my favorite part of the game is? The opportunity to play.
Ask not what your teammates can do for you. Ask what you can do for your teammates.
Don't be satisfied with stories of how things have gone with others. Unfold your own myth.
It is not the mountain we conquer but ourselves.
Your success will be determined by your own confidence and fortitude.
Make yourself proud.
Every time you smile at someone, it is an action of love, a gift to that person, a beautiful thing.
All the statistics in the world can’t measure the warmth of a smile.
A smile is happiness you’ll find right under your nose.
Smile, it is the key that fits the lock of everybody’s heart.
Loyalty is a decision, a resolution of the soul.
Nothing is more noble, nothing more venerable, than loyalty.
Loyalty is the strongest glue—which makes a relationship last a lifetime.
There may be people that have more talent than you, but there’s no excuse for anyone to work harder than you do.
When you live for a strong purpose, hard work isn’t an option. It’s a necessity.
Successful people are not gifted; they just work hard, then succeed on purpose.
I know the price of success: dedication, hard work, and an unremitting devotion to the things you want to see happen.
Taking care of yourself doesn't mean me first, it means me too.
A kind word is like a spring day.
My mission in life is to be kind, compassionate, caring, and loving in order to find and feel the deepest joy of life.
I feel the capacity to care is the thing which gives life its deepest significance.
Never believe that a few caring people can’t change the world. For, indeed, that’s all who ever have.
Don’t be afraid to expand yourself, to step out of your comfort zone. That’s where the joy and the adventure lie.
At times you have to leave the city of your comfort and go into the wilderness of your intuition. What you'll discover will be wonderful. What you'll discover is yourself.
For what it’s worth: it’s never too late or, in my case, too early to be whoever you want to be.
The most important thing in communication is to hear what isn't being said.
There's a lot of difference between listening and hearing.
Listening is a magnetic and strange thing, a creative force. The friends who listen to us are the ones we move toward. When we are listened to, it creates us, makes us unfold and expand.
If human beings are perceived as potentials rather than problems, as possessing strengths instead of weaknesses, as unlimited rather than dull and unresponsive, then they thrive and grow to their capabilities.
Find the good—and praise it.
I have yet to find a man or woman, however exalted their station, who did not do better work and put forth greater effort under a spirit of approval than under a spirit of criticism.
Promise yourself to be just as enthusiastic about the success of others as you are about your own.
Be aware of what others are doing, applaud their efforts, acknowledge their successes, and encourage them in their pursuits. When we all help one another, everybody wins.
Be happy in the moment, that’s enough. Each moment is all we need, not more.
The basic root of happiness lies in our minds; outer circumstances are nothing more than adverse or favorable.
The mind is just like a muscle—the more you exercise it, the stronger it gets and the more it can expand.
In the end, just three things matter: How well we have lived. How well we have loved. How well we have learned to let go.
The most precious gift we can offer others is our presence. When mindfulness embraces those we love, they will bloom like flowers.
For a seed to achieve its greatest expression, it must come completely undone. The shell cracks, its insides come out and everything changes. To someone who doesn't understand growth, it would look like complete destruction.
Use what you’ve been through as fuel, believe in yourself and be unstoppable!
Every trial endured and weathered in the right spirit makes a soul nobler and stronger than it was before.
I think your whole life shows in your face and you should be proud of that.
A person who has good thoughts cannot ever be ugly. You can have a wonky nose and a crooked mouth and a double chin and stick-out teeth, but if you have good thoughts they will shine out of your face like sunbeams and you will always look lovely.
True beauty does not shine; it attracts.
To be beautiful means to be yourself. You don’t need to be accepted by others. You need to accept yourself.
True beauty is born through our actions and aspirations and in the kindness we offer to others.
Every experience is a stitch in the fabric of your character.
Adversity does not build character, it reveals it.
If I take care of my character, my reputation will take care of itself.
Nature is not matter only. She is also spirit.
To walk into nature is to witness a thousand miracles.
I speak not for myself but for those without voice… those who have fought for their rights… their right to live in peace, their right to be treated with dignity, their right to equality of opportunity, their right to be educated.
I would like to be known as a person who is concerned about freedom and equality and justice and prosperity for all people.
Honesty, equality, kindness, compassion, treating people the way you want to be treated and helping those in need. To me, those are traditional values.
Never, never be afraid to do what's right.
I learned that courage was not the absence of fear, but the triumph over it. The brave man is not he who does not feel afraid, but he who conquers that fear.
It may take courage to embrace the possibilities of your own potential, but once you've flown past the summit of your fears, nothing will seem impossible.
You can choose courage, or you can choose comfort, but you cannot choose both.
At the height of laughter, the universe is flung into a kaleidoscope of new possibilities.
Remember, laughter is 10 times more powerful than screams.
There is nothing in the world so irresistibly contagious as laughter and good humor.
The magic in new beginnings is truly the most powerful of them all.
I close my eyes to old ends. And open my heart to new beginnings.
What a wonderful thought it is that some of the best days of our lives haven't even happened yet.
Love is not only something you feel, it is something you do.
And the Grinch, with his Grinch-feet ice cold in the snow, stood puzzling and puzzling, how could it be so? It came without ribbons. It came without tags. It came without packages, boxes or bags. And he puzzled and puzzled 'till his puzzler was sore. Then the Grinch thought of something he hadn't before. What if Christmas, he thought, doesn't come from a store? What if Christmas, perhaps, means a little bit more?
The love in your heart wasn't put there to stay. Love isn't love 'til you give it away.
My family is my life, and everything else comes second as far as what's important to me.
Family and friends are hidden treasures, seek them and enjoy their riches.
The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others.
Life is a gift, and it offers us the privilege, opportunity, and responsibility to give something back by becoming more.
We make a living by what we get. We make a life by what we give.
At the end of the day, it's not about what you have or even what you've accomplished… It's about who you've lifted up, who you've made better. It's about what you've given back.
We cannot cure the world of sorrows, but we can choose to live in joy.
Joy; the kind of happiness that doesn’t depend on what happens.
Just follow your joy. Always. I think that if you do that, life will take you on the course that it’s meant to take you.
Joy is not in things; it is in us.
Feeling gratitude and not expressing it is like wrapping a present and not giving it.
Be thankful for what you have; you'll end up having more. If you concentrate on what you don't have, you will never, ever have enough.
Spirit is like the wind, in that we can’t see it but can see its effects, which are profound.
It is the soul's duty to be loyal to its own desires. It must abandon itself to its master passion.
A smile is a light in the window of the soul indicating that the heart is at home.
Each person has an ideal, a hope, a dream which represents the soul. We must give to it the warmth of love, the light of understanding and the essence of encouragement.
Neither genius, fame, nor love show the greatness of the soul. Only kindness can do that.
Kindness is a language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see.
We cannot reach the goal by mere words alone. Without practice, nothing can be achieved.
It's not necessarily the amount of time you spend at practice that counts; it's what you put into the practice.
We can each define ambition and progress for ourselves. The goal is to work toward a world where expectations are not set by the stereotypes that hold us back, but by our personal passion, talents and interests.
Don’t be afraid to be ambitious about your goals. Hard work never stops. Neither should your dreams.
Ambition is a dream with a V8 engine.
Whatever you want to do, do it now! There are only so many tomorrows.
Life is a great and wondrous mystery, and the only thing we know that we have for sure is what is right here right now. Don’t miss it.
Think left and think right and think low and think high. Oh, the thinks you can think up if only you try!
I believe we each walk our paths so we can learn and share those lessons with others.
There is no joy in possession without sharing.
Three keys to more abundant living: caring about others, daring for others, sharing with others.
Thousands of candles can be lit from a single candle, and the life of the candle will not be shortened. Happiness never decreases by being shared.
The miracle is this: the more we share the more we have.
Make up your mind that no matter what comes your way, no matter how difficult, no matter how unfair, you will do more than simply survive. You will thrive in spite of it.
Tough times never last, but tough people do.
You never know how strong you are until being strong is the only choice you have.
An essential aspect of creativity is not being afraid to fail.
The most powerful, efficient energy source in the world is your own mind.  Explore and discover that it can make creative fuel from anything.
A will finds a way.
Obstacles don’t have to stop you. If you run into a wall, don’t turn around and give up. Figure out how to climb it, go through it or work around it.
A dream doesn't become reality through magic; it takes sweat, determination and hard work.
The difference between the impossible and the possible lies in a person's determination.
Never, never, never give up.
Passion is one great force that unleashes creativity, because if you're passionate about something, then you're more willing to take risks.
Purpose is the reason you journey. Passion is the fire that lights the way.
Nothing is as important as passion. No matter what you want to do with your life, be passionate.
Passion is energy. Feel the power that comes from focusing on what excites you.
Our uniqueness, our individuality, and our life experience molds us into fascinating beings. I pray we may all challenge ourselves to delve into the deepest resources of our hearts to cultivate an atmosphere of understanding, acceptance, tolerance, and compassion. We are all in this life together.
True belonging doesn’t require you to change who you are; it requires you to be who you are.
Our job on earth isn't to criticize, reject, or judge. Our purpose is to offer a helping hand, compassion, and mercy. We are to do unto others as we hope they would do unto us.
I believe that the greatest kindness is acceptance.
And the day came when the risk to remain tight in a bud was more painful than the risk it took to blossom.
It is important to remember that we cannot become what we need to be, by remaining what we are.
Live your life by a compass, not a clock.
Courtesies of a small and trivial character are the ones which strike deepest in the grateful and appreciating heart.
The small courtesies sweeten life; the greater, ennoble it.
Courtesy is a small act but it packs a mighty wallop.
There is a courtesy of the heart; it is allied to love. From it springs the purest courtesy in the outward behavior.
No legacy is so rich as honesty.
Honesty is the fastest way to prevent a mistake from turning into a failure.
We know the truth, not only by the reason, but also by the heart.
There is nothing so strong or safe in an emergency of life as the simple truth.
Integrity is telling myself the truth. And honesty is telling the truth to other people.
Hope is like the sun, which, as we journey toward it, casts the shadow of our burden behind us.
No matter how dark the moment, love and hope are always possible.
Happiness can be found in even the darkest of times, but only to those who remember to turn on the light.
Expect to have hope rekindled. Expect your prayers to be answered in wondrous ways. The dry seasons do not last. The spring rains will come.
Once you choose hope, anything's possible.
Treat people as if they were what they ought to be, and you help them become what they are capable of being.
The greatest leaders are not necessarily the ones who do the greatest things. They are the ones that inspire others to do great things.
Leaders who win the respect of others are the ones who deliver more than they promise, not the ones who promise more than they can deliver.
A leader is someone who demonstrates what's possible.
Above everything else I've done, I've always said I've had more guts than I've got talent.
You cannot talk about grit—you have to embody it.
You cannot talk about faith—you have to live it.
You cannot talk about the desert—you have to cross it.
Every great story happened when someone decided not to give up.
Grit is not just a simple elbow-grease term for rugged persistence. It is an often invisible display of endurance that lets you stay in an uncomfortable place, work hard to improve upon a given interest and do it again and again.
What is grit? Grit is refusing to give up. It’s persistence. It’s making your own luck.
Fantasy is a necessary ingredient in living, it's a way of looking at life through the wrong end of a telescope, and that enables you to laugh at life's realities.
A good laugh is sunshine in the house.
A day without laughter is a day wasted.
Freedom means the opportunity to be what we never thought we would be.
In the truest sense, freedom cannot be bestowed; it must be achieved.
May we think of freedom not as the right to do as we please, but as the opportunity to do what is right.
Peace and justice are two sides of the same coin.
What counts in life is not the mere fact that we have lived. It is what difference we have made to the lives of others that will determine the significance of the life we lead.
We can choose to be affected by the world or we can choose to affect the world.
I have been impressed with the urgency of doing.

Knowing is not enough; we must apply.

Being willing is not enough, we must do.
Don’t just aspire to make a living. Aspire to make a difference.
To err is human, to forgive, divine.
You don't have to accept the invitation to get angry. Instead, practice forgiveness, empathy and encouragement.
We must develop and maintain the capacity to forgive. He who is devoid of the power to forgive is devoid of the power to love.
Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong.
To understand is to forgive, even oneself.
Grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change, the courage to change the things I can, and the wisdom to know the difference.
To be courageous requires no exceptional qualifications, no magic formula. It's an opportunity that sooner or later is presented to us all and each person must look for that courage in their own soul.
Courage is not the absence of fear, but rather the judgement that something else is more important than fear.
Most of our obstacles would melt away if, instead of cowering before them, we should make up our minds to walk boldly through them.
This is the art of courage: to see things as they are and still believe that the victory lies not with those who avoid the bad, but those who taste, in living awareness, every drop of the good.
Do not count the days; make the days count.
I have found that if you love life, life will love you back.
When it comes time to die, let us not discover that we have never lived.
Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment.
Endeavor to see the good in every situation.
Mindfulness is a way of befriending ourselves and our experience.
Looking at beauty in the world, is the first step of purifying the mind.
I go to seek a Great Perhaps.
There is no passion to be found playing small - in settling for a life that is less than the one you are capable of living.
Family means putting your arms around each other and being there.
Be there for others, but never leave yourself behind.
Never be so busy as not to think of others.
Just being there for someone can sometimes bring hope when all seems hopeless.
If you love someone, the greatest gift you can give them is your presence.
Kids don't remember what you try to teach them. They remember what you are.
We must become what we wish to teach.
Teaching kids to count is fine, but teaching them what counts is best.
The mediocre teacher tells. The good teacher explains. The superior teacher demonstrates. The great teacher inspires.
An understanding heart is everything in a teacher, and cannot be esteemed highly enough. One looks back with appreciation to the brilliant teachers, but with gratitude to those who touched our human feeling.
A man without a purpose is like a ship without a rudder.
The heart of human excellence often begins to beat when you discover a pursuit that gives you a sense of meaning, joy, or passion.
I am not afraid. I was born to do this.
It's not so much how busy you are, but why you are busy.
We take care of the future best by taking care of the present now.
We are called to assist the Earth to heal her wounds and in the process heal our own.
My mission is to create a world where we can live in harmony with nature.
I think of a hero as someone who understands the degree of responsibility that comes with his freedom.
Luck to me is something else; hard work and realizing what is opportunity and what isn't.
The only way to do great work is to love what you do.
There is no development physically or intellectually without effort, and effort means work.
The rarest, truest beauty is visible only to the heart.
People are like stained-glass windows. They sparkle and shine when the sun is out, but when the darkness sets in, their true beauty is revealed only if there is a light from within.
Outer beauty pleases the eye. Inner beauty captivates the heart.
The most important thing in the world is family and love.
In family life, love is the oil that eases friction, the cement that binds closer together.
Other things may change us, but we start and end with the family.
Families are the compass that guides us.
Live in each season as it passes; breathe the air and resign yourself to the influence of the earth.
Nature is not a place to visit. It is home.
For it is in giving that we receive.
Do something for those who have need of a man's help - Something for which you get no pay but the privilege of doing it.
You are what you give; not what you are given.
Try to be like the turtle - at ease in your own shell.
You have a chance every single morning to make that change and be the person you want to be. You just have to decide to do it.
To be a champ you have to believe in yourself when no one else will.
In any moment of decision, the best thing you can do is the right thing, the next best thing is the wrong thing, and the worst thing you can do is nothing.
There's a difference between doing things right and doing the right thing.
Sometimes it is better to lose and do the right thing than to win and do the wrong thing.
Life is a matter of choices, and every choice you make makes you.
It is our choices, Harry, that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities.
A leader is someone willing to give his strength to others so that they may have the strength to stand on their own.
Leadership is a two-way street. Respect for one's superiors; care for one's crew.
Management is doing things right; leadership is doing the right things.
He who plants kindness gathers love.
The smallest act of kindness is worth more than the grandest intention.
There is one spectacle grander than the sea, that is the sky; there is one spectacle grander than the sky, that is the interior of the soul.
Whatever the soul knows how to seek, it cannot fail to obtain.
Strong is the soul, kind, and wise, and beautiful.
The soul should always stand ajar, ready to welcome the ecstatic experience.
The key to everything is patience. You get the chicken by hatching the egg, not by smashing it.
Adopt the pace of nature: her secret is patience.
I will sprinkle compliments and uplifting words everywhere I go.
Sincere compliments cost nothing and can accomplish much.
If you see someone and they strike you as beautiful in any way, why not let them know?
I can live for two months on a good compliment.
There is no effect more disproportionate to its cause than the happiness bestowed by a small compliment.
And above all, watch with glittering eyes the whole world around you because the greatest secrets are always hidden in the most unlikely places.
Magic is the experience of waking up and seeing things the way you saw them before they became ordinary.
It is a happiness to wonder—it is a happiness to dream.
The more I wonder, the more I love.
We are all travelers in the wilderness of this world, and the best we can find in our travels is an honest friend.
When being together is more important than what you do, you are with a friend.
There is nothing on this earth more to be prized than true friendship.
A friend is one that knows you as you are, understands where you have been, accepts what you have become, and still, gently allows you to grow.
In order to succeed, we must first believe that we can.
Certain things catch your eye, but pursue only those that capture the heart.
Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going.
Motivation determines what you do. Attitude determines how well you do it.
If you really want to do something, you will work hard for it.
For last year's words belong to last year's language. And next year's words await another voice. And to make an end is to make a beginning.
Don't try to be perfect; Just be an excellent example of a human being.
Gratitude is the beginning of civility, of decency and goodness, of a recognition that we cannot afford to be arrogant. We should walk with the knowledge that we will need help every step of the way.
Cultivate the habit of being grateful for every good thing that comes to you, and to give thanks continuously.
Give thanks for a little and you will find a lot.
If the only prayer you ever say in your entire life is thank you, it will be enough.
Make it a habit to tell people thank you. To express your appreciation, sincerely and without the expectation of anything in return.
Including people with differences is the right thing to do.
Inclusion works to the advantage of everyone. We all have things to learn and we all have something to teach.
Inclusion to me is walking up to someone and being yourself and having a full conversation with them and getting to know them as who they are.
Being inclusive is having a human connection without placing judgments before it.
There is no exercise better for the heart than reaching down and lifting people up.
Those who are happiest are those who do the most for others.
Instruction does much, but encouragement everything.
The greatest good you can do for another is not just to share your riches, but to reveal to him his own.
Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions. Small people always do that, but the really great make you feel that you, too, can become great.
In union there is strength.
The things that we share in our world are far more valuable than those which divide us.
My humanity is bound up in yours, for we can only be human together.
How far you go in life depends on your being tender with the young, compassionate with the aged, sympathetic with the striving, and tolerant of the weak and the strong, because someday in your life, you will have been all of these.
The best part of life is not just surviving, but thriving with passion and compassion and humor and style and generosity and kindness.
Compassion becomes real when we recognize our shared humanity.
Compassion is the ultimate expression of your highest self.
Compassion is the currency that leads to true wealth.
Compassion is the heart that never stops loving others. It is like a wellspring that never runs dry.
Compassion is an action word with no boundaries.
Love is a force more formidable than any other. It is invisible—it cannot be seen or measured, yet it is powerful enough to transform you in a moment, and offer you more joy than any material possession could.
Let the beauty of what you love be what you do.
Love is friendship that has caught fire.
There is only one happiness in life. To love and be loved.
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none.
Love is a friendship set to music.
If you really love something, just go ahead and do it.
The most important thing in life is to learn how to give out love, and to let it come in.
The easiest way to make an impact in your community is just to be kind.
Kindness isn't about the thanks you get. It's about the act itself.
We need not think alike to love alike.
Never let a problem to be solved become more important than the person to be loved.
When there is teamwork and collaboration, wonderful things can be achieved.
Talent wins games, but teamwork wins championships.
We are all unique, and have our own special place in the puzzle of the universe.
The greater the obstacle, the more glory in overcoming it.
What the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the master calls a butterfly.
Once we believe in ourselves, we can risk curiosity, wonder, spontaneous delight, or any experience that reveals the human spirit.
Always be yourself and have faith in yourself.
You are braver than you believe, smarter than you seem, and stronger than you think.
Before you put on a frown, make absolutely sure there are no smiles available.
Sometimes your joy is the source of your smile, and sometimes your smile is the source of your joy.
Smiling is infectious, you catch it like the flu, When someone smiled at me today, I started smiling too.
You are never given a wish without also being given the power to make it come true. You may have to work for it, however.
Happiness lies in the joy of achievement, in the thrill of creative effort.
If you can't excel with talent, triumph with effort.
Hard work spotlights the character of people: some turn up their sleeves, some turn up their noses, and some don't turn up at all.
Genius is 1% inspiration and 99% perspiration.
Aim for success, not perfection. Never give up your right to be wrong, because then you will lose the ability to learn new things and move forward with your life.
I set out on a journey of love, seeking truth, peace and understanding. I am still learning.
For me, I am driven by two main philosophies: know more today about the world than I knew yesterday and lessen the suffering of others. You'd be surprised how far that gets you.
I'm not going to school just for the academics - I wanted to share ideas, to be around people who are passionate about learning.
Remember there's no such thing as a small act of kindness. Every act creates a ripple with no logical end.
Kindness is... anything that lifts another person.
Intelligence plus character-that is the goal of true education.
I do believe something magical can happen when you read a good book.
A book is a dream that you hold in your hand.
The first time I read an excellent book, it is to me just as if I had gained a new friend.
To encourage literature and the arts is a duty which every good citizen owes to his country.
A book is a device to ignite the imagination.
It's not that I'm so smart, it's just that I stay with problems longer.
Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day in and day out.
People can do whatever they want if they just set their heart to it, and just never give up, and just go out there and do it.
In matters of principle, stand like a rock; in matters of taste, swim with the current.
Keeping busy and making optimism a way of life can restore your faith in yourself.
Optimism is a happiness magnet. If you stay positive, good things and good people will be drawn to you.
It's kind of fun to do the impossible.
One of the great ironies of life is this: he or she who serves almost always benefits more than he or she who is served.
The best way to cheer yourself up is to try to cheer somebody else up.
Be somebody who makes everybody feel like a somebody.
Freedom is never given; it is won.
Give your hands to serve and your hearts to love.
Success is not just the crowning moment, the spiking of the ball in the end zone or the raising of the flag on the summit. It is the whole process of reaching for a goal and, sometimes, it begins with failure.
Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass. It's about learning how to dance in the rain.
Still, like air, I rise.
You can't change how people treat you or what they say about you. All you can do is change how you react to it.
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
Consult not your fears, but your hopes and your dreams.
We always kept in our hearts the most noble, beautiful feeling that sets human beings apart: hope.
A lesson for all of us is that for every loss, there is victory, for every sadness, there is joy, and when you think you’ve lost everything, there is hope.
What we do today, right now, will have an accumulated effect on all our tomorrows.
It is not only for what we do that we are held responsible, but also for what we do not do.
The moment you accept responsibility for EVERYTHING in your life is the moment you gain the power to change ANYTHING in your life.
I believe that every right implies a responsibility; every opportunity an obligation; every possession a duty.
The price of greatness is responsibility.
Many people will walk in and out of your life but only true friends will leave footprints in your heart.
Lots of people want to ride with you in the limo, but what you want is someone who will take the bus with you when the limo breaks down.
Walk beside me and be my friend.
All men should strive to learn before they die, what they are running from, and to, and why.
I am always doing that which I cannot do, in order that I may learn how to do it.
The road of life twists and turns and no two directions are ever the same. Yet our lessons come from the journey, not the destination.
Tell me and I forget. Teach me and I remember. Involve me and I learn.
I haven’t a clue how my story will end, but that’s all right. When you set out on a journey and night covers the road, that’s when you discover the stars.
I am not the same, having seen the moon shine on the other side of the world.
The fishermen know that the sea is dangerous and the storm terrible, but they have never found these dangers sufficient reason for remaining ashore.
A bird doesn't sing because it has an answer, it sings because it has a song.
To infinity and beyond.
Kites rise highest against the wind, not with it.
The best way out is always through.
It is my chief duty to accomplish humble tasks as though they were great and noble.
Forgive yourself for your faults and your mistakes and move on.
It's one of the greatest gifts you can give yourself, to forgive. Forgive everybody.
Forgiveness is a virtue of the brave.
Nothing liberates our greatness like the desire to help, the desire to serve.
Never look down on anybody unless you're helping him up.
When we give cheerfully and accept gratefully, everyone is blessed.
As you grow older, you will discover that you have two hands, one for helping yourself, the other for helping others.
The people who give you their food give you their heart.
To get the full value of joy you must have someone to divide it with.
Joy multiplies when it is shared among friends.
What we choose to share, defines who we are.
The more we share the more we have.
One thing I’ve learnt about humans: you can’t judge their strength by the size of their actions, but by the devotion of an act, no matter how small.
Experience shows that success is due less to ability than to zeal.
The value of life is not based on how long we live, but how much we contribute to others in our society.
To succeed in your mission, you must have single-minded devotion to your goal.
At the heart of each of us, whatever our imperfections, there exists a silent pulse of perfect rhythm, which is absolutely individual and unique, and yet which connects us to everything else.
How far you go in life depends on your being tender with the young, compassionate with the aged, sympathetic with the striving and tolerant of the weak and strong. Because someday in your life you will have been all of these.
We haven't all had the good fortune to be ladies; we haven't all been generals, or poets, or statesmen; but when the toast works down to the babies, we stand on common ground—for we have all been babies.
Never mistake activity for achievement.
Great achievement is usually born of great sacrifice, and is never the result of selfishness.
Only those who attempt the absurd can achieve the impossible.
The best proof of love is trust.
You know more than you think. Trust yourself.
The best way to find out if you can trust somebody is to trust them.
Trust is the glue of life. It's the foundational principle that holds all relationships.
All the world is made of faith, and trust, and pixie dust.
Listen to your heart. It knows all things.
Speak in such a way that others love to listen to you. Listen in such a way that others love to speak to you.
There is a voice that doesn’t use words. Listen.
It is the province of knowledge to speak and it is the privilege of wisdom to listen.
If you see something beautiful in someone, speak it!
I can't think of any better representation of beauty than someone who is unafraid to be herself.
You're amazing just the way you are.
Beauty is being the best possible version of yourself.
Today, give yourself permission to be outrageously kind, irrationally warm, improbably generous. I promise it will be a blast.
Unless someone like you cares a whole awful lot, nothing is going to get better. It's not.
You really can change the world if you care enough.
The simple act of caring is heroic.
A smile is the universal welcome.
Everyone smiles in the same language.
A laugh is a smile that bursts.
Laughter is the fireworks of the soul.
When we feel love and kindness toward others, it not only makes others feel loved and cared for, but it helps us also to develop inner happiness and peace.
Love is the the most radically subversive activism of all, the only thing that ever changed anyone.
Occasionally in life there are those moments of unutterable fulfillment which cannot be completely explained by those symbols called words. Their meanings can only be articulated by the inaudible language of the heart.
What counts can’t always be counted; what can be counted doesn’t always count.
Normal day, let me be aware of the treasure you are. Let me learn from you, love you, bless you before you depart. Let me not pass you by in the quest of some rare and perfect tomorrow.
Enjoy all you have while pursuing all you want.
The molecules of your body are the same molecules that make up the nebulae, that burn inside the stars themselves. We are star stuff.
What I admire in Columbus is not his having discovered a world, but his having gone to search for it on the faith of his own opinion.
Create the highest, grandest vision possible for your life, because you become what you believe.
Aerodynamically, the bumble bee shouldn't be able to fly, but the bumble bee doesn't know it so it goes on flying anyway.
Working hard is important. But there is something that matters even more: believing in yourself.
Things turn out best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out.
I have missed more than 9,000 shots in my career. I have lost almost 300 games. On 26 occasions I have been entrusted to take the game winning shot...and I missed. I have failed over and over and over again in my life. And that's precisely why I succeed.
Your present circumstances don’t determine where you can go; they merely determine where you start.
You must do the thing which you think you cannot do.
Motivation is when your dreams put on work clothes.
The person who makes a success of living is the one who sees his goal steadily and aims for it unswervingly. That is dedication.
He who would learn to fly one day must first learn to stand and walk and run and climb and dance; one cannot fly into flying.
Dreams and dedication are a powerful combination.
Trust yourself. Create the kind of self that you will be happy to live with all your life.
Be who you are and say what you feel, because in the end those who matter don't mind and those who mind don't matter.
You may have to fight a battle more than once to win it.
Great changes may not happen right away, but with effort even the difficult may become easy.
Stay committed to your decisions, but stay flexible in your approach.
Commitment unlocks the doors of imagination, allows vision, and gives us the right stuff to turn our dream into reality.
Once a man has made a commitment to a way of life, he puts the greatest strength in the world behind him. It's something we call heart power. Once a man has made this commitment, nothing will stop him short of success.
We are only as strong as we are united, as weak as we are divided.
Individually, we are one drop. Together, we are an ocean.
We plant seeds that will flower as results in our lives, so best to remove the weeds of anger, avarice, envy and doubt, that peace and abundance may manifest for all.
A good teacher can inspire hope, ignite the imagination, and instill a love of learning.
Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement.
Always reward your long hours of labor surrounded by your family. Nurture their love carefully, remembering that your children need models, not critics. And even if you have failed at all else in the eyes of the world, if you have a loving family, you are a success.
Family is not an important thing. It's everything.
The only rock I know that stays steady, the only institution I know that works, is the family.
A happy family is but an earlier heaven.
The family is one of nature's masterpieces.
…find out where joy resides, and give it a voice far beyond singing. For to miss the joy is to miss all.
Watch the sunrise at least once a year, put a lot of marshmallows in your hot chocolate, lie on your back and look at the stars, never buy a coffee table you can't put your feet on, never pass up a chance to jump on a trampoline, don't overlook life's small joys while searching for the big ones.
I’m beginning to recognize that real happiness isn’t something large and looming on the horizon ahead, but something small, numerous and already here. The smile of someone you love. A decent breakfast. The warm sunset. Your little everyday joys all lined up in a row.
The struggle ends when gratitude begins.
Invite your heart to be grateful and your thank yous will be heard even when you don't use words.
We should certainly count our blessings, but we should also make our blessings count.
A pessimist, they say, sees a glass as being half empty; an optimist sees the same glass as half full. But a giving person sees a glass of water and starts looking for someone who might be thirsty.
Infinitely more important than sharing one's material wealth is sharing the wealth of ourselves—our time and energy, our passion and commitment, and, above all, our love.
The best thing to give to your enemy is forgiveness; to an opponent, tolerance; to a friend, your heart; to your child, a good example; to a father, deference; to your mother, conduct that will make her proud of you; to yourself, respect; to all men, charity.
The way you get meaning into your life is to devote yourself to loving others, devote yourself to your community around you, and devote yourself to creating something that gives you purpose and meaning.
Hope lies in dreams, in imagination and in the courage of those who dare to make dreams into reality.
It's really a wonder that I haven't dropped all my ideals, because they seem so absurd and impossible to carry out. Yet I keep them, because in spite of everything, I still believe that people are really good at heart.
You may say I'm a dreamer, but I'm not the only one. I hope someday you'll join us. And the world will live as one.
If you don't know the guy on the other side of the world, love him anyway because he's just like you. He has the same dreams, the same hopes and fears. It's one world, pal. We're all neighbors.
Humankind has not woven the web of life. We are but one thread within it. Whatever we do to the web, we do to ourselves. All things are bound together. All things connect.
We don't need to share the same opinions as others, but we need to be respectful.
In recognizing the humanity of our fellow beings, we pay ourselves the highest tribute.
The capacity for getting along with our neighbor depends to a large extent on the capacity for getting along with ourselves. The self-respecting individual will try to be as tolerant of his neighbor's shortcomings as he is of his own.
If a man does not keep pace with his companions, perhaps it is because he hears a different drummer. Let him step to the music which he hears, however measured or far away.
Although the world is full of suffering, it's full also of the overcoming it.
When we face the worst that can happen in any situation, we grow. When circumstances are at their worst, we can find our best.
A good character is the best tombstone. Those who loved you, and were helped by you, will remember you when forget-me-nots have withered. Carve your name on hearts, not on marble.
Character, the willingness to accept responsibility for one's own life, is the source from which self-respect springs.
Thoughts lead on to purposes; purposes go forth in action; actions form habits; habits decide character; and character fixes our destiny.
One must care about a world one will not see.
If you want to make a difference and leave your world a better place, let others know how important they are as you put their needs above yours.
Caring about the happiness of others, we find our own.
For every beauty there is an eye somewhere to see it. For every truth there is an ear somewhere to hear it. For every love there is a heart somewhere to receive it.
You don’t inspire your teammates by showing them how amazing you are. You inspire them by showing them how amazing they are.
The mark of great sportsmen is not how good they are at their best, but how good they are at their worst.
If character is what you do when no one is watching, then sportsmanship is that conduct with everybody watching.
One man practicing sportsmanship is far better than a hundred teaching it.
Sometimes you will never know the value of a moment until it becomes a memory.
Appreciation is a wonderful thing. It makes what is excellent in others belong to us as well.
Forget yesterday - it has already forgotten you. Don't sweat tomorrow - you haven't even met. Instead, open your eyes and your heart to a truly precious gift - today.
Your body is the harp of your soul and it is yours to bring forth sweet music from it or confused sounds.
I don't dwell on my age. It might limit what I can do. As long as I have my mind and health, it's just a number.
Early to bed and early to rise makes a man healthy, wealthy and wise.
Eat healthily, sleep well, breathe deeply, move harmoniously.
Ask not for an easy life...ask for the strength to face the elements, to weather the storms; to be the might for the right and the weak, to be the voice for those who cannot speak, to see one's dreams to fruition with dignity, integrity, and grace.
Storms make trees take deeper roots.
Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will.
Real strength is not just a condition of one's muscle, but a tenderness in one's spirit.
Pray not for easy lives, pray to be stronger men.
And in the end it's not the years in your life that count; it's the life in your years.
Live today. Not yesterday. Not tomorrow. Just today. Inhabit your moments. Don't rent them out to tomorrow.
You only live once - but if you work it right, once is enough.
Life is not so short but that there is always time for courtesy.
If a man be gracious and courteous to strangers, it shows he is a citizen of the world, and that his heart is no island cut off from other lands, but a continent that joins to them.
Nothing is ever lost by courtesy. It is the cheapest of pleasures, costs nothing, and conveys much.
I place a high moral value on the way people behave. I find it repellent to have a lot, and to behave with anything other than courtesy in the old sense of the word - politeness of the heart, a gentleness of the spirit.
The whole purpose of education is to turn mirrors into windows.
Educating the mind without educating the heart is no education at all.
The purpose of education is to replace an empty mind with an open one.
A pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity; an optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty.
There’s always going to be bad stuff out there. But here’s the amazing thing - light trumps darkness every time. You stick a candle into the dark, but you can’t stick the dark into the light.
I didn't lose the gold. I won the silver.
New beginnings are often disguised as painful endings.
When nothing is sure, everything is possible.
When one door closes another door opens; but we so often look so long and so regretfully upon the closed door, that we do not see the ones which open for us.
Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work.
Not knowing when the dawn will come, I open every door.
Good manners and soft words have brought many a difficult thing to pass.
Good manners have much to do with the emotions. To make them ring true, one must feel them, not merely exhibit them.
The real test of good manners is to be able to put up with bad manners pleasantly.
Respect for ourselves guides our morals; respect for others guides our manners.
I seek constantly to improve my manners and graces, for they are the sugar to which all are attracted.
The sign of a beautiful person is that they always see beauty in others.
It is not beauty that endears, it’s love that makes us see beauty.
Each of us can look back upon someone who made a great difference in our lives, someone whose wisdom or simple acts of caring made an impression upon us. In all likelihood it was someone who sought no recognition for their deed other than the joy of knowing that, by their hand, another's life had been made better.
It is one of the most beautiful compensations of life, that no man can sincerely try to help another without helping himself.
Sometimes our light goes out but is blown into flame by another human being. Each of us owes deepest thanks to those who have rekindled this light.
To strengthen the muscles of your heart, the best exercise is lifting someone else's spirit whenever you can.
If everyone helps to hold up the sky, then one person does not become tired.
Where there is unity there is always victory.
If civilization is to survive, we must cultivate the science of human relationships - the ability of all peoples, of all kinds, to live together, in the same world at peace.
The dictionary is the only place that success comes before work. Hard work is the price we must pay for success. I think you can accomplish anything if you're willing to pay the price.
It seems the harder I work, the more luck I have.
Books are the quietest and most constant of friends; they are the most accessible and wisest of counselors, and the most patient of teachers.
Reading is a way for me to expand my mind, open my eyes, and fill up my heart.
Reading is to the mind what exercise is to the body.
A room without books is like a body without a soul.
Go forward in life with a twinkle in your eye and a smile on your face, but with great purpose in heart.
Let my soul smile through my heart and my heart smile through my eyes, that I may scatter rich smiles in sad hearts.
There comes a time in the spiritual journey when you start making choices from a very different place. And if a choice lines up so that it supports truth, health, happiness, wisdom and love, it’s the right choice.
It's not hard to make decisions when you know what your values are.
You must never be fearful about what you are doing when it is right.
Always do right. This will gratify some people and astonish the rest.
Don't count the days. Make the days count.
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.
Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later.
If you're doing your best, you won't have any time to worry about failure.
The enemy of great is good.
Do the best you can until you know better. Then when you know better, do better.
You can’t put a limit on anything. The more you dream, the farther you get.
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream.
If you have a dream, don’t just sit there. Gather courage to believe that you can succeed and leave no stone unturned to make it a reality.
All our dreams can come true; if we have the courage to pursue them.
Never give up on a dream just because of the time it will take to accomplish it. The time will pass anyway.
Never give up, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn.
A river cuts through rock, not because of its power, but because of its persistence.
To endure is greater than to dare; to tire out the hostile fortune; to be daunted by no difficulty; to keep heart when all have lost it- who can say this is not greatness?
Diamonds are nothing more than chunks of coal that stuck to their jobs.
Vitality shows in not only the ability to persist but the ability to start over.
Volunteers do not necessarily have the time; they just have the heart.
To the wrongs that need resistance, To the right that needs assistance, To the future in the distance, Give yourselves.
The heart of a volunteer is never measured in size, but by the depth of the commitment to make a difference in the lives of others.
Volunteering is at the very core of being a human. No one has made it through life without someone else’s help.
I don't know what your destiny will be, but one thing I do know: the only ones among you who will be really happy are those who have sought and found how to serve.
With courage you will dare to take risks, have the strength to be compassionate, and the wisdom to be humble. Courage is the foundation of integrity.
Courage is grace under pressure.
We have come into this exquisite world to experience ever and ever more deeply our divine courage, freedom and light!
It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are.
Fear is a reaction. Courage is a decision.
By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail.
Men succeed when they realize that their failures are the preparation for their victories.
I believe luck is preparation meeting opportunity. If you hadn’t been prepared when the opportunity came along, you wouldn’t have been lucky.
The best preparation for tomorrow is to do today's work superbly well.
You are not here merely to make a living. You are here in order to enable the world to live more amply, with greater vision, with a finer spirit of hope and achievement. You are here to enrich the world, and you impoverish yourself if you forget the errand.
You cannot get through a single day without having an impact on the world around you. What you do makes a difference, and you have to decide what kind of difference you want to make.
Do more than belong: participate. Do more than care: help. Do more than believe: practice. Do more than be fair: be kind. Do more than forgive: forget. Do more than dream: work.
I am only one, but still I am one. I cannot do everything, but still I can do something; and because I cannot do everything, I will not refuse to do something that I can do.
The world is not interested in what we do for a living. What they are interested in is what we have to offer freely - hope, strength, love and the power to make a difference!
What lies behind us, and what lies before us are but tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
At the end of the day, tell yourself gently: 'I love you, you did the best you could today, and even if you didn't accomplish all you had planned, I love you anyway.'
One of the greatest moments in anybody's developing experience is when he no longer tries to hide from himself but determines to get acquainted with himself as he really is.
I am not bound to win, but I am bound to be true. I am not bound to succeed, but I am bound to live up to what light I might have.
Plant seeds of happiness, hope, success, and love; it will all come back to you in abundance. This is the law of nature.
Nature does not hurry, yet everything is accomplished.
The soul becomes dyed with the color of its thoughts.
The soul is the truth of who we are.
Our soul desires to be understanding, our ego is only concerned with being understood. When you are being understanding you are connected to your soul.
You must find the place inside yourself where nothing is impossible.
I am not this hair, I am not this skin, I am the soul that lives within.
Nobody is superior, nobody is inferior, but nobody is equal either. People are simply unique, incomparable. You are you, I am I.
As you grow up, always tell the truth, do no harm to others, and don’t think you are the most important being on earth. Rich or poor, you then can look anyone in the eye and say, ‘I’m probably no better than you, but I’m certainly your equal.
We become not a melting pot but a beautiful mosaic. Different people, different beliefs, different yearnings, different hopes, different dreams.
We may have different religions, different languages, different colored skin, but we all belong to one human race. We all share the same basic values.
We are the music-makers, and we are the dreamers of dreams. We are the movers and shakers of the world forever, it seems.
What if it becomes less about how we look and more about how much we care? What if it becomes less about how much money we earn and more about how much we share our good fortune? Imagine a world where who we are in our hearts is the ultimate status symbol.
Can you imagine what I would do if I could do all I can?
You must give everything to make your life as beautiful as the dreams that dance in your imagination
Be soft. Do not let the world make you hard. Do not let pain make you hate. Do not let the bitterness steal your sweetness. Take pride that even though the rest of the world may disagree, you still believe it to be a beautiful place.
Faith is to believe what you do not yet see; the reward for this faith is to see what you believe.
Everything will be okay in the end. If it's not okay, it's not the end.
Believe you can and you're halfway there.
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted.
Those who make compassion an essential part of their lives find the joy of life. Kindness deepens the spirit and produces rewards that cannot be completely explained in words. It is an experience more powerful than words. To become acquainted with kindness one must be prepared to learn new things and feel new feelings. Kindness is more than a philosophy of the mind. It is a philosophy of the spirit.
It's never too late to be what you might have been.
The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be.
Anyone can look for fashion in a boutique or history in a museum. The creative explorer looks for history in a hardware store and fashion in an airport.
Others have seen what is and asked why. I have seen what could be and asked why not.
To be creative means to be in love with life. You can be creative only if you love life enough that you want to enhance its beauty, you want to bring a little more music to it, a little more poetry to it, a little more dance to it.
Creativity is intelligence having fun.
Participate joyfully in the sorrows of the world. We cannot cure the world of sorrows, but we can choose to live in joy.
When you are joyful, when you say yes to life and have fun and project positivity all around you, you become a sun in the center of every constellation, and people want to be near you.
When you do things from your soul, you feel a river moving in you, a joy.
Joy is a net of love in which you can catch souls.
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.
The very substance of the ambitious is merely the shadow of a dream.
Intelligence without ambition is a bird without wings.
The purpose of life is a life of purpose.
The meaning of life is to find your gift. The purpose of life is to give it away.
If you really want to do something, you'll find a way. If you don't, you'll find an excuse.
Most of us serve our ideals by fits and starts. The person who makes a success of living is the one who sees his goal steadily and aims for it unswervingly. That is dedication.
The price of success is hard work, dedication to the job at hand, and the determination that whether we win or lose, we have applied the best of ourselves to the task at hand.
Dedication involves making the space to let young ideas take hold; every tree was once a seed and every company was once an idea.
Dedicate some of your life to others. Your dedication will not be a sacrifice. It will be an exhilarating experience because it is an intense effort applied toward a meaningful end.
I will follow the upward road today; I will keep my face to the light. I will think high thoughts as I go my way; I will do what I know is right. I will look for the flowers by the side of the road; I will laugh and love and be strong. I will try to lighten another’s load this day as I fare along.
A smile starts on the lips, a grin spreads to the eyes, a chuckle comes from the belly; but a good laugh bursts forth from the soul, overflows, and bubbles all around.
Listen to the mustn'ts, child. Listen to the don'ts. Listen to the shouldn'ts, the impossibles, the won'ts. Listen to the never haves, then listen close to me... Anything can happen, child. Anything can be.
May Light always surround you;
Hope kindle and rebound you.
May your Hurts turn to Healing;
Your Heart embrace Feeling.
May Wounds become Wisdom;
Every Kindness a Prism.
May Laughter infect you;
Your Passion resurrect you.
May Goodness inspire your Deepest Desires.
Through all that you Reach For,
May your arms Never Tire.
When you realize nothing is lacking, the whole world belongs to you.
Happiness is your nature. It is not wrong to desire it. What is wrong is seeking it outside when it is inside.
Begin at once to live, and count each separate day as a separate life.
Begin doing what you want to do now. We are not living in eternity. We have only this moment, sparkling like a star in our hand-and melting like a snowflake…
This is part of what a family is about, not just love. It's knowing that your family will be there watching out for you. Nothing else will give you that. Not money. Not fame. Not work.
You can kiss your family and friends good-bye and put miles between you, but at the same time you carry them with you in your heart, your mind, your stomach, because you do not just live in a world but a world lives in you.
Home is people. Not a place. If you go back there after the people are gone, then all you can see is what is not there any more.
I have never met a person whose greatest need was anything other than real, unconditional love. You can find it in a simple act of kindness toward someone who needs help. There is no mistaking love…it is the common fiber of life, the flame that heats our soul, energizes our spirit and supplies passion to our lives.
To love and be loved is to feel the sun from both sides.
Friendship improves happiness and abates misery, by the doubling of our joy and the dividing of our grief.
Until he extends his circle of compassion to include all living things, man will not himself find peace.
We look forward to the time when the power to love will replace the love of power. Then will our world know the blessing of peace.
Gratitude is not only the greatest of virtues, but the parent of all others.
The only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work, and the only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven't found it yet, keep looking, and don't settle. As with all matters of the heart, you'll know when you find it. And like any great relationship, it just gets better and better as the years roll on. So keep looking, don't settle.
I have no special talent. I am only passionately curious.
I began to realize how important it was to be an enthusiast in life. He taught me that if you are interested in something, no matter what it is, go at it at full speed ahead. Embrace it with both arms, hug it, love it and above all become passionate about it. Lukewarm is no good. Hot is no good either. White hot and passionate is the only thing to be.
Compassion is not a relationship between the healer and the wounded. It's a relationship between equals. Only when we know our own darkness well can we be present with the darkness of others. Compassion becomes real when we recognize our shared humanity.
Hurt people, hurt people. That's how pain patterns get passed on, generation after generation after generation. Break the chain today. Meet anger with sympathy, contempt with compassion and cruelty with kindness. Greet grimaces with smiles. Forgive and forget about finding fault. Love is the weapon of the future.
Compassion asks us to go where it hurts, to enter into the places of pain, to share in brokenness, fear, confusion, and anguish. Compassion challenges us to cry out with those in misery, to mourn with those who are lonely, to weep with those in tears. Compassion requires us to be weak with the weak, vulnerable with the vulnerable, and powerless with the powerless. Compassion means full immersion in the condition of being human.
If a person seems wicked, do not cast him away. Awaken him with your words, elevate him with your deeds, repay his injury with your kindness. Do not cast him away; cast away his wickedness.
You just can't beat the person who never gives up.
Let me not pray to be sheltered from dangers, but to be fearless in facing them.Let me not beg for the stilling of my pain, but for the heart to conquer it.
The lotus is the most beautiful flower, whose petals open one by one. But it will only grow in the mud. In order to grow and gain wisdom, first you must have the mud --- the obstacles of life and its suffering. ... The mud speaks of the common ground that humans share, no matter what our stations in life. ... Whether we have it all or we have nothing, we are all faced with the same obstacles: sadness, loss, illness, dying and death. If we are to strive as human beings to gain more wisdom, more kindness and more compassion, we must have the intention to grow as a lotus and open each petal one by one.
The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience, but where he stands at times of challenge and controversy.
Grit is passion and perseverance for very long-term goals. Grit is having stamina. Grit is sticking with your future, day-in, day-out. Not just for the week, not just for the month, but for years. And working really hard to make that future a reality. Grit is living life like it’s a marathon, not a sprint.
Only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go.
True grit is making a decision and standing by it, doing what must be done. No moral man can have peace of mind if he leaves undone what he knows he should have done.
You cannot be lonely if you like the person you're alone with.
Wouldn't it be powerful if you fell in love with yourself so deeply that you would do just about anything if you knew it would make you happy? This is precisely how much life loves you and wants you to nurture yourself. The deeper you love yourself, the more the universe will affirm your worth. Then you can enjoy a lifelong love affair that brings you the richest fulfillment from inside out.
Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate. Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure. It is our light, not our darkness, that most frightens us. We ask ourselves, 'Who am I to be brilliant, gorgeous, talented, fabulous?' Actually, who are you not to be?
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.
Until we have seen someone's darkness, we don't really know who they are. Until we have forgiven someone's darkness, we don't really know what love is.
Before you can live a part of you has to die. You have to let go of what could have been, how you should have acted and what you wish you would have said differently. You have to accept that you can’t change the past experiences, opinions of others at that moment in time or outcomes from their choices or yours. When you finally recognize that truth, then you will understand the true meaning of forgiveness of yourself and others. From this point you will finally be free.
To forgive is the highest, most beautiful form of love. In return, you will receive untold peace and happiness.
As I walked out the door toward the gate that would lead to my freedom, I knew if I didn't leave my bitterness and hatred behind, I'd still be in prison.
True forgiveness is when you can say, ‘Thank you for that experience.’
Where the battle rages, there the loyalty of the soldier is proved.
Loyalty means nothing unless it has at its heart the absolute principle of self-sacrifice.
Your truest friends are the ones who will stand by you in your darkest moments-because they're willing to brave the shadows with you-and in your greatest moments-because they're not afraid to let you shine.
Loyalty and devotion lead to bravery. Bravery leads to the spirit of self-sacrifice. The spirit of self-sacrifice creates trust in the power of love.
To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all.
Live with intention. Walk to the edge. Listen Hard. Practice wellness. Play with abandon. Laugh. Choose with no regrets. Appreciate your friends. Continue to learn. Do what you love. Live as if this is all there is.
Happiness is a journey, not a destination. For a long time it seemed to me that life was about to begin—real life. But there was always some obstacle in the way, something to be gotten through first, some unfinished business, time still to be served, a debt to be paid. At last it dawned on me that these obstacles were my life. This perspective has helped me to see there is no way to happiness. Happiness is the way. So treasure every moment you have and remember that time waits for no one.
You cannot discover new oceans unless you have the courage to lose sight of the shore.
Neither a lofty degree of intelligence, nor imagination, nor both together, go to the making of genius. Love, Love, Love. That is the soul of genius.
There is only one thing stronger than all the armies of the world: and that is an idea whose time has come
We can not solve our problems with the same level of thinking that created them.
Promise yourself to be so strong that nothing can disturb your peace of mind. Look at the sunny side of everything and make your optimism come true. Think only of the best, work only for the best, and expect only the best. Forget the mistakes of the past and press on to the greater achievements of the future. Give so much time to the improvement of yourself that you have no time to criticize others. Live in the faith that the whole world is on your side so long as you are true to the best that is in you!
When it is dark enough, you can see the stars.
I am fundamentally an optimist. Whether that comes from nature or nurture, I cannot say. Part of being optimistic is keeping one's head pointed toward the sun, one's feet moving forward. There were many dark moments when my faith in humanity was sorely tested, but I would not and could not give myself up to despair. That way lays defeat and death.
Honesty is the best policy. If I lose mine honor, I lose myself.
You're only responsible for being honest, not for someone else's reaction to your honesty.
Three things cannot be long hidden: the sun, the moon, and the truth.
We have to stand up for what we believe in, even when we might not be popular for it. Honesty starts with being ourselves, authentic and true to who we are and what we believe in, and that may not always be popular, but it will always let you follow your dreams and your heart.
Honesty is more than not lying. It is truth telling, truth speaking, truth living, and truth loving.
Strength of a character isn't always about how much you can handle before you break. It’s also about how much you can handle after you've been broken.
Character cannot be developed in ease and quiet. Only through experience of trial and suffering can the soul be strengthened, vision cleared, ambition inspired, and success achieved.
All that is gold does not glitter, not all those who wander are lost; The old that is strong does not wither, deep roots are not reached by the frost.
Then, one day, when you least expect it, the great adventure finds you.
Maybe the journey isn’t so much about becoming anything. Maybe it’s about un-becoming everything that isn’t really you, so you can be who you were meant to be in the first place.
Be like the bird that, passing on her flight awhile on boughs too slight, feels them give way beneath her, and yet sings, knowing that she hath wings.
I've always found that anything worth achieving will always have obstacles in the way and you've got to have that drive and determination to overcome those obstacles on route to whatever it is that you want to accomplish.
Without ambition one starts nothing. Without work one finishes nothing. The prize will not be sent to you. You have to win it.
It's faith that will take you through, and determination that will drive you.
Never look down to test the ground before taking your next step; only he who keeps his eye fixed on the far horizon will find the right road.
Don't ever give up. Don't ever give in. Don't ever stop trying. Don't ever sell out. And if you find yourself succumbing to one of the above for a brief moment, pick yourself up, brush yourself off, whisper a prayer, and start where you left off. But never, ever, ever give up.
The real voyage of discovery consists of not in seeking new landscapes but in having new eyes.
The only thing worse than being blind is having sight and no vision.
There are painters who transform the sun to a yellow spot, but there are others who with the help of their art and their intelligence, transform a yellow spot into sun.
You can't use up creativity. The more you use, the more you have.
Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere.
To live a creative life, we must lose our fear of being wrong.
While some may see them as the crazy ones, we see genius. Because the people who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones who do.
Life begins at the end of your comfort zone.
Walk with the dreamers, the believers, the courageous, the cheerful, the planners, the doers, the successful people with their heads in the clouds and their feet on the ground. Let their spirit ignite a fire within you to leave this world better than when you found it.
Your journey has molded you for the greater good, and it was exactly what it needed to be. Don't think that you've lost time. It took each and every situation you have encountered to bring you to the now. And now is right on time.
Do the things you used to talk about doing but never did. Know when to let go and when to hold on tight. Stop rushing. Don't be intimidated to say it like it is. Stop apologizing all the time. Learn to say no, so your yes has some oomph. Spend time with the friends who lift you up, and cut loose the ones who bring you down. Stop giving your power away. Be more concerned with being interested than being interesting. Be old enough to appreciate your freedom, and young enough to enjoy it. Finally, know who you are.
It's easy to find reasons for division between people. Finding common ground is harder, but a step towards happiness.
We find greatest joy, not in getting, but in expressing what we are. Men do not really live for honors or for pay; their gladness is not the taking and holding, but in doing, the striving, the building, the living. It is a higher joy to teach than to be taught. It is good to get justice, but better to do it; fun to have things but more to make them. The happy man is he who lives the life of love, not for the honors it may bring, but for the life itself.
Joy goes against the foundations of mathematics: it multiplies when we divide.
Comparison is the thief of joy.
Joy is what happens to us when we allow ourselves to recognize how good things really are.
Learn to love without condition. Talk without bad intention. Give without any reason. And most of all, care for people without any expectation.
If you shift your focus from yourself to others, extend your concern to others, and cultivate the thought of caring for the well being of others, then this will have the immediate effect of opening up your life and helping you to reach out.
Sometimes its not the strength but gentleness that cracks the hardest shells.
Excellence is the result of caring more than others think is wise, risking more than others think is safe, dreaming more than others think is practical, and expecting more than others think is possible.
Desire is the key to motivation, but it’s determination and commitment to an unrelenting pursuit of your goal - a commitment to excellence - that will enable you to attain the success you seek.
Without commitment, you cannot have depth in anything, whether it's a relationship, a business or a hobby.
There's a difference between interest and commitment. When you're interested in doing something, you do it only when it's convenient. When you're committed to something, you accept no excuses - only results.
Freedom is not the absence of commitments, but the ability to choose - and commit myself to - what is best for me.
There are only two options regarding commitment. You're either in or you're out. There's no such thing as life in-between.
If I had to select one quality, one personal characteristic that I regard as being most highly correlated with success, whatever the field, I would pick the trait of persistence. Determination. The will to endure to the end, to get knocked down seventy times and get up off the floor saying, ”Here comes number seventy-one!”
Your opponent, in the end, is never really the player on the other side of the net, or the swimmer in the next lane, or the team on the other side of the field, or even the bar you must high-jump. Your opponent is yourself, your negative internal voices, your level of determination.
It had long since come to my attention that people of accomplishment rarely sat back and let things happen to them. They went out and happened to things.
She stood in the storm, and when the wind did not blow her way, she adjusted her sails.
I believe success is achieved by ordinary people with extraordinary determination.
Be of good cheer. Do not think of today's failures, but of the success that may come tomorrow. You have set yourselves a difficult task, but you will succeed if you persevere; and you will find a joy in overcoming obstacles. Remember, no effort that we make to attain something beautiful is ever lost.
Change is not something that we should fear. Rather, it is something that we should welcome. For without change, nothing in this world would ever grow or blossom, and no one in this world would ever move forward to become the person they're meant to be.
Confront the dark parts of yourself, and work to banish them with illumination and forgiveness. Your willingness to wrestle with your demons will cause your angels to sing.
The most beautiful people we have known are those who have known defeat, known suffering, known struggle, known loss, and have found their way out of the depths. These persons have an appreciation, a sensitivity, and an understanding of life that fills them with compassion, gentleness, and a deep loving concern. Beautiful people do not just happen.
People are always blaming their circumstances for what they are. I don't believe in circumstances. The people who get on in this world are the people who get up and look for the circumstances they want, and if they can't find them, make them.
He who has a why to live for can bear almost any how.
We don't beat the Grim Reaper by living longer, we beat the Reaper by living well and living fully, for the Reaper will come for all of us. The question is what do we do between the time we are born and the time he shows up.
That thing that you do, after your day job, in your free time, too early in the morning, too late at night. That thing you read about, write about, think about, in fact fantasize about. That thing you do when you’re all alone and there’s no one to impress, nothing to prove, no money to be made, simply a passion to pursue. That’s it. That’s your thing. That’s your heart, your guide. That’s the thing you must, must do.
The purpose of life is not to be happy. It is to be useful, to be honorable, to be compassionate, to have it make some difference that you have lived and lived well.
A ship is safe in harbor, but that's not what ships are for.
You gain strength, courage and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face. You are able to say to yourself, 'I have lived through this horror. I can take the next thing that comes along.' You must do the thing you think you cannot do.
It takes two flints to make a fire.
Sportsmanship for me is when a guy walks off the court and you really can't tell whether he won or lost, when he carries himself with pride either way.
Be more concerned with your character than your reputation, because your character is what you really are, while your reputation is merely what others think you are.
Games give you a chance to excel, and if you're playing in good company you don't even mind if you lose because you had the enjoyment of the company during the course of the game.
Victory is remembered for at most two decades; an act of good sportsmanship is remembered for a lifetime.
To practice five things under all circumstances constitutes perfect virtue; these five are gravity, generosity of soul, sincerity, earnestness, and kindness.
An ounce of practice is generally worth more than a ton of theory.
It is a mistake to think that the practice of my art has become easy to me. I assure you, dear friend, no one has given so much care to the study of composition as I. There is scarcely a famous master in music whose works I have not frequently and diligently studied.
Don't find the time to exercise, make the time to exercise.
Take care of your body. It's the only place you have to live.
Health is the greatest of all possessions; a pale cobbler is better than a sick king.
A generous heart, kind speech, and a life of service and compassion are the things which renew humanity.
The earth will not continue to offer its harvest, except with faithful stewardship. We cannot say we love the land and then take steps to destroy it for use by future generations.
The earth has music for those who listen.
Forget not that the earth delights to feel your bare feet and the winds long to play with your hair.
You must take personal responsibility. You cannot change the circumstances, the seasons, or the wind, but you can change yourself. That is something you have charge of.
The best day of your life is the one on which you decide your life is your own. No apologies or excuses. No one to lean on, rely on, or blame. The gift is yours - it is an amazing journey - and you alone are responsible for the quality of it. This is the day your life really begins.
The final forming of a person's character lies in their own hands.
Accept responsibility for your life. Know that it is you who will get you where you want to go, no one else.
The wise do not buy into other people’s perceptions of who they are and what they are capable of. Instead, they bypass a person’s public persona and see who they are in their highest expression. When you see actions taken with integrity, instead of words only, you will then know a soul’s worth.
True beauty is not related to what color your hair is or what color your eyes are. True beauty is about who you are as a human being, your principles, your moral compass.
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched - they must be felt with the heart.
Service is a smile.  It is an acknowledging wave, a reaching handshake, a friendly wink, and a warm hug.   It's these simple acts that matter most, because the greatest service to a human soul has always been the kindness of recognition.
While we do our good works let us not forget that the real solution lies in a world in which charity will have become unnecessary.
We cannot seek achievement for ourselves and forget about progress and prosperity for our community...Our ambitions must be broad enough to include the aspirations and needs of others, for their sakes and for our own.
When we honestly ask ourselves which person in our lives means the most to us, we often find that it is those who, instead of giving advice, solutions, or cures, have chosen rather to share our pain and touch our wounds with a warm and tender hand.
When someone steals another's clothes, we call them a thief. Should we not give the same name to one who could clothe the naked and does not? The bread in your cupboard belongs to the hungry; the coat unused in your closet belongs to the one who needs it; the shoes rotting in your closet belong to the one who has no shoes; the money which you hoard up belongs to the poor.
Love only grows by sharing. You can only have more for yourself by giving it away to others.
Go into the world and do well. But more importantly, go into the world and do good.
You cannot hope to build a better world without improving the individuals. To that end, each of us must work for our own improvement and, at the same time, share a general responsibility for all humanity, our particular duty being to aid those to whom we think we can be most useful.
I am only one, but I am one.  I cannot do everything, but I can do something.  And I will not let what I cannot do interfere with what I can do.
Gracious acceptance is an art—an art which most never bother to cultivate. We think that we have to learn how to give, but we forget about accepting things, which can be much harder than giving... Accepting another person's gift is allowing him to express his feelings for you.
If you wait until you can do everything for everybody, instead of something for somebody, you'll end up not doing anything for anybody.
The simple path: silence is prayer, prayer is faith, faith is love, love is service, the fruit of service is peace.
When I say it's you I like, I'm talking about that part of you that knows that life is far more than anything you can ever see or hear or touch. That deep part of you that allows you to stand for those things without which humankind cannot survive. Love that conquers hate, peace that rises triumphant over war, and justice that proves more powerful than greed.
Peace comes from within. Do not seek it without.
An invisible red thread connects those who are destined to meet, regardless of time, place, or circumstance. The thread may stretch or tangle, but will never break.
There are those whose lives affect all others around them. Quietly touching one heart, who in turn, touches another. Reaching out to ends further than they would ever know.
All things are bound together. All things connect. Whatever happens to the Earth happens to the children of the Earth. Man did not weave the web of life, he is merely a strand in it. Whatever he does to the web, he does to himself.
Nobody has ever measured, not even poets, how much the heart can hold.
Remember when you go into the world to keep your eyes and ears wide open. And be kind. Love one another. Take care of each other. Tell the truth. Always do your best. Listen to the big people and the little people. Explore new paths and have fun. Know that you are loved like crazy. Give thanks for all your blessings. Above all else, Love and you will do wonderful things in this world.
The greatest thing you'll ever learn is just to love and be loved in return.
We are reminded how short life really is, and how we are just passing through. So, all the people you haven't told you love lately, tell them, and live your days like you mean it.
We all should know that diversity makes for a rich tapestry, and we must understand that all the threads of the tapestry are equal in value no matter what their color.
No two leaves are alike, and yet there is no antagonism between them or between the branches on which they grow.
Equality is not in regarding different things similarly, equality is in regarding different things differently.
I have a dream that my four little children will one day live in a nation where they will not be judged by the color of their skin, but by the content of their character.
Opportunities, many times, are so small that we glimpse them not and yet they are often the seeds of great enterprises. Opportunities are also everywhere and so you must always let your hook be hanging. When you least expect it, a great fish will swim by.
When you come to the edge of all the light you have, and must take a step into the darkness of the unknown, believe that one of two things will happen. Either there will be something solid for you to stand on - or you will be taught how to fly.
We all have our own life to pursue, our own kind of dream to be weaving, and we all have the power to make wishes come true, as long as we keep believing.
Believe deep down in your heart that you're destined to do great things.
If my mind can conceive it, my heart can believe it, I know I can achieve it!
If you can't do great things, do small things in a great way.
To laugh often and much; To win the respect of intelligent people and the affection of children; To earn the appreciation of honest critics and endure the betrayal of false friends; To appreciate beauty, to find the best in others; To leave the world a bit better, whether by a healthy child, a garden patch, or a redeemed social condition; To know even one life has breathed easier because you have lived. This is to have succeeded.
Destiny is no matter of chance. It is a matter of choice. It is not a thing to be waited for, it is a thing to be achieved.
Does the sun ask itself, "Am I good? Am I worthwhile? Is there enough of me?" No, it burns and it shines. Does the sun ask itself, "What does the moon think of me? How does Mars feel about me today?" No it burns, it shines. Does the sun ask itself, "Am I as big as other suns in other galaxies?" No, it burns, it shines.
Dare to be what you are, and learn to resign with a good grace all that you are not and to believe in your own individuality.
The privilege of a lifetime is being who you are.
What makes a river so restful to people is that it doesn't have any doubt - it is sure to get where it is going, and it doesn't want to go anywhere else.
To be nobody but yourself in a world which is doing its best, night and day, to make you everybody else means to fight the hardest battle which any human being can fight; and never stop fighting.
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.
A true friend knows your weaknesses but shows you your strengths; feels your fears but fortifies your faith; sees your anxieties but frees your spirit; recognizes your disabilities but emphasizes your possibilities.
Perhaps the secret of living well is not in having all the answers but in pursuing unanswerable questions in good company.
A true friend is someone who thinks that you are a good egg even though he knows that you are slightly cracked.
In every conceivable manner, the family is link to our past, bridge to our future.
Even if I knew that tomorrow the world would go to pieces, I would still plant my apple tree.
There are always flowers for those who want to see them.
Remember, hope is a good thing, maybe the best of things, and no good thing ever dies.
Time is too slow for those who wait, too swift for those who fear, too long for those who grieve, too short for those who rejoice, but for those who love, time is eternity.
Perhaps love is like a resting place, a shelter from the storm. It exists to give you comfort, it is there to keep you warm, and in those times of trouble when you are most alone, the memory of love will bring you home.
Even after all this time the sun never says to the earth, 'You owe me.' Look what happens with a love like that. It lights the whole sky.
Have patience with all things, but, first of all with yourself.
The strongest of all warriors are these two—Time and Patience.
Rivers know this: there is no hurry. We shall get there some day.
Trees that are slow to grow bear the best fruit.
Gratitude unlocks the fullness of life. It turns what we have into enough, and more. It turns denial into acceptance, chaos to order, confusion to clarity. It can turn a meal into a feast, a house into a home, a stranger into a friend. Gratitude makes sense of our past, brings peace for today and creates a vision for tomorrow.
For each new morning with its light, For rest and shelter of the night, For health and food, for love and friends, For everything Thy goodness sends.
Giving is so often thought of in terms of the things we give, but our greatest giving is of our time, and kindness, and even comfort for those who need it. We look on these gifts as unimportant – until we need them.
Some people grumble that roses have thorns; I am grateful that thorns have roses.
Give yourself entirely to those around you. Be generous with your blessings. A kind gesture can reach a wound that only compassion can heal.
That's what I consider true generosity: You give your all, and yet you always feel as if it costs you nothing.
Trade your expectation for appreciation and the world changes for you.
Be nice to people on your way up because you'll meet them on your way down.
The roots of all goodness lie in the soil of appreciation for goodness.
Friends and good manners will carry you where money won't go.
Treat everyone with politeness, even those who are rude to you - not because they are nice, but because you are.
Good manners sometimes means simply putting up with other people's bad manners.
Manners are a sensitive awareness of the feelings of others. If you have that awareness, you have good manners, no matter what fork you use.
Good manners will open doors that the best education cannot.
Listening is an attitude of the heart, a genuine desire to be with another which both attracts and heals.
Most people do not listen with the intent to understand; they listen with the intent to reply.
We have two ears and one tongue so that we would listen more and talk less.
Now, feel. I am thee and thou art me and all of one is the other. And feel now. Thou hast no heart but mine.
It is man's social nature which distinguishes him from the brute creation. If it is his privilege to be independent, it is equally his duty to be inter-dependent. Only an arrogant man will claim to be independent of everybody else and be self-contained.
People can't be just tied together. They have to connect. Otherwise, they'll find themselves bound hand and foot.
A human being is a part of the whole called by us universe, a part limited in time and space. He experiences himself, his thoughts and feeling as something separated from the rest, a kind of optical delusion of his consciousness. This delusion is a kind of prison for us, restricting us to our personal desires and to affection for a few persons nearest to us. Our task must be to free ourselves from this prison by widening our circle of compassion to embrace all living creatures and the whole of nature in its beauty.
We spend precious hours fearing the inevitable. It would be wise to use that time adoring our families, cherishing our friends and living our lives.
You must live in the present, launch yourself on every wave, find your eternity in each moment. Fools stand on their island of opportunities and look toward another land. There is no other land; there is no other life but this.
Remembering that I'll be dead soon is the most important tool I've ever encountered to help me make the big choices in life. Almost everything--all external expectations, all pride, all fear of embarrassment or failure--these things just fall away in the face of death, leaving only what is truly important. Remembering that you are going to die is the best way I know to avoid the trap of thinking you have something to lose. You are already naked. There is no reason not to follow your heart.
As soon as you honor the present moment, all unhappiness and struggle dissolve, and life begins to flow with joy and ease. When you act out the present-moment awareness, whatever you do becomes imbued with a sense of quality, care, and love - even the most simple action.
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream, not only plan, but also believe.
If one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams, and endeavors to live the life which he has imagined, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours.
Your vision becomes clear when you look inside your heart. Who looks outside, dreams. Who looks inside, awakens.
There’s something very freeing about losing the anchors that have always defined you. Frightening, sad, but exhilarating in a poignant way, as well. You’re free to float to the moon and evaporate or sink to the bottom of the deepest ocean. But you’re free to explore. Some people confuse that with drifting, I suppose. I like to think of it as growing.
You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself any direction you choose. You're on your own. And you know what you know. And YOU are the one who'll decide where to go...
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do. So throw off the bowlines. Sail away from the safe harbor. Catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore. Dream. Discover.
You have to know what you want to get. But when you know that, let it take you. And if it seems to take you off the track, don't hold back because perhaps that is instinctively where you want to be.
Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough.
The one thing all famous authors, world class athletes, business tycoons, singers, actors, and celebrated achievers in any field have in common is that they all began their journeys when they were none of these things.
Falling down is part of life. Getting back up is living.
Don’t practice until you get it right. Practice until you can’t get it wrong.
Instead of thinking about where you are, think about where you want to be. It takes twenty years of hard work to become an overnight success.
There are far, far better things ahead than any we leave behind.
This I know. This I believe with all my heart. If we want a free and peaceful world, if we want to make deserts bloom and man to grow to greater dignity as a human being we can do it!
I cannot believe that the purpose of life is to be happy. I think the purpose of life is to be useful, to be responsible, to be compassionate. It is, above all to matter, to count, to stand for something, to have made some difference that you lived at all.
Never forget that you are one of a kind. Never forget that if there weren't any need for you in all your uniqueness to be on this earth, you wouldn't be here in the first place. And never forget, no matter how overwhelming life's challenges and problems seem to be, that one person can make a difference in the world. In fact, it is always because of one person that all the changes that matter in the world come about. So be that one person.
Waste no more time arguing about what a good man should be. Be one.
The true meaning of life is to plant trees, under whose shade you do not expect to sit.
A cup that is already full cannot have more added to it. In order to receive the further good, we must give of that which we have.
I expect to pass through life but once. If therefore, there be any kindness I can show, or any good thing I can do to any fellow being, let me do it now, and not defer or neglect it, as I shall not pass this way again.
In the end, the number of prayers we say may contribute to our happiness, but the number of prayers we answer may be of even greater importance.
To put the world right in order, we must first put the nation in order; to put the nation in order, we must first put the family in order; to put the family in order, we must first cultivate our personal life; we must first set our hearts right.
Miss no single opportunity of making some small sacrifice, here by a smiling look, there by a kindly word; always doing the smallest right and doing it all for love.
Remember that when you leave this earth, you can take with you nothing that you have received-only what you have given: a full heart enriched by honest service, love, sacrifice and courage.
Service is the rent we pay for being. It is the very purpose of life, and not something you do in your spare time.
I don't know what your destiny will be, but one thing I know: the only ones among you who will be really happy are those who have sought and found how to serve.
I slept and dreamt that life was joy. I awoke and saw that life was service. I acted and behold, service was joy.
Set your life on fire. Seek those who fan your flames.
If you treat an individual as he is, he will remain how he is. But if you treat him as if he were what he ought to be and could be, he will become what he ought to be and could be.
The power of love to change bodies is legendary, built into folklore, common sense, and everyday experience. Love moves the flesh, it pushes matter around... Throughout history, tender loving care has uniformly been recognized as a valuable element in healing.
The root of all health is in the brain. The trunk of it is in emotion. The branches and leaves are the body. The flower of health blooms when all parts work together.
The body is like a piano, and happiness is like music. It is needful to have the instrument in good order.
He who has health, has hope; and he who has hope, has everything.
The moment when you first wake up in the morning is the most wonderful of the twenty-four hours. No matter how weary or dreary you may feel, you possess the certainty that, during the day that lies before you, absolutely anything may happen. And the fact that it practically always doesn’t matters not a jot. The possibility is always there.
Never look down to test the ground before taking your next step; only he who keeps his eye fixed on the far horizon will find his right road.
All human beings should try to learn before they die what they are running from, and to, and why.
Don't ask yourself what the world needs. Ask yourself what makes you come alive and then go do that. Because what the world needs is people who have come alive.
Three grand essentials to happiness in this life are something to do, something to love, and something to hope for.
Our greatest glory is not in never failing, but in rising up every time we fail.
Remember, no one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
Love yourself, respect yourself. Never sell yourself short. Believe in yourself regardless of what other people think. You can accomplish anything, absolutely anything, if you set your mind to it.
This above all-to thine own self be true, and it must follow, as night follows day, thou canst not then be false to any man.
Don’t ever let a soul in the world tell you that you can’t be exactly who you are.
I don't want to live in the kind of world where we don't look out for each other. Not just the people that are close to us, but anybody who needs a helping hand. I can't change the way anybody else thinks, or what they choose to do, but I can do my bit.
Sometimes, reaching out and taking someone's hand is the beginning of a journey. At other times, it is allowing another to take yours.
No one is useless in this world who lightens the burdens of another.
The visible sign of utter love is an undying smile.
Hard work is painful when life is devoid of purpose. But when you live for something greater than yourself and the gratification of your own ego, then hard work becomes a labor of love.
Freedom, morality, and the human dignity of the individual consists precisely in this; that he does good not because he is forced to do so, but because he freely conceives it, wants it, and loves it.
Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else's life. Don’t be trapped by dogma- which is living with the results of other people’s thinking. Don’t let the noise of other’s opinions drown out your own inner voice. And most important, have the courage to follow your heart and intuition. They somehow already know what you truly want to become. Everything else is secondary.
The hero is one who kindles a great light in the world, who sets up blazing torches in the dark streets of life for men to see by. The saint is the man who walks through the dark paths of the world, himself a light.
If a child is to keep alive his inborn sense of wonder, he needs the companionship of at least one adult who can share it, rediscovering with him the joy, excitement and mystery of the world we live in.
Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss it you will land among the stars.
It is good to have an end to journey toward, but it is the journey that matters in the end.
I was set free because my greatest fear had been realized, and I still had a daughter who I adored, and I had an old typewriter and a big idea. And so rock bottom became a solid foundation on which I rebuilt my life.
Comedy is defiance. It's a snort of contempt in the face of fear and anxiety. And it's the laughter that allows hope to creep back on the inhale.
Every piece of the universe, even the tiniest little snow crystal, matters somehow. I have a place in the pattern, and so do you.
Take a stand for what's right. Raise a ruckus and make a change. You may not always be popular, but you'll be part of something larger and bigger and greater than yourself.
There's something about love that people just have to respond to.

“Attitude is a choice. Happiness is a choice. Optimism is a choice. Kindness is a choice. Giving is a choice. Respect is a choice. Whatever choice you make makes you. Choose wisely.”
“Don't be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart.”
“Believe in yourself. You are braver than you think, more talented than you know, and capable of more than you imagine.”
“Live the Life of Your Dreams: Be brave enough to live the life of your dreams according to your vision and purpose instead of the expectations and opinions of others.”
“It’s only after you’ve stepped outside your comfort zone that you begin to change, grow, and transform.”
“The truth is, unless you let go, unless you forgive yourself, unless you forgive the situation, unless you realize that the situation is over, you cannot move forward.”
“Do what is right, not what is easy nor what is popular.”
“Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world.”
“Pursue what catches your heart, not what catches your eyes.”
“Start each day with a positive thought and a grateful heart.”
“Be grateful for what you already have while you pursue your goals. If you aren’t grateful for what you already have, what makes you think you would be happy with more.”
“Everything can be taken from a man but one thing: the last of the human freedoms—to choose one’s attitude in any given set of circumstances, to choose one’s own way.”
“Life is about accepting the challenges along the way, choosing to keep moving forward, and savoring the journey.”
“Be brave to stand for what you believe in even if you stand alone.”
“Letting go means to come to the realization that some people are a part of your history, but not a part of your destiny.”
“Never lose hope. Storms make people stronger and never last forever.”
“Do not fear failure but rather fear not trying.”
“Lack of direction, not lack of time, is the problem. We all have twenty-four hour days.”
“Cry. Forgive. Learn. Move on. Let your tears water the seeds of your future happiness.”
“You never change your life until you step out of your comfort zone; change begins at the end of your comfort zone.”
“Do not let the memories of your past limit the potential of your future. There are no limits to what you can achieve on your journey through life, except in your mind.”
“Let the improvement of yourself keep you so busy that you have no time to criticize others.”
“Incredible change happens in your life when you decide to take control of what you do have power over instead of craving control over what you don't.”
“Believe in your infinite potential. Your only limitations are those you set upon yourself.”
“The man who moves a mountain begins by carrying away small stones.”
“Happiness is not the absence of problems, it's the ability to deal with them.”
“The only way of discovering the limits of the possible is to venture a little way past them into the impossible.”
“Surround Yourself with People Who Believe in Your Dreams:Surround yourself with people who believe in your dreams, encourage your ideas, support your ambitions, and bring out the best in you.”
“Sometimes life knocks you on your ass... get up, get up, get up!!! Happiness is not the absence of problems, it's the ability to deal with them.”
“Do what you love, love what you do, and with all your heart give yourself to it.”
“Learn the rules like a pro, so you can break them like an artist.”
“Once you realize you deserve a bright future, letting go of your dark past is the best choice you will ever make.”
“Without ambition one starts nothing. Without work one finishes nothing. The prize will not be sent to you. You have to win it.”
“If you believe very strongly in something, stand up and fight for it.”
“Change the way you look at things and the things you look at change.”
“It's never too late to change your life for the better. You don't have to take huge steps to change your life. Making even the smallest changes to your daily routine can make a big difference to your life.”
“Always remember people who have helped you along the way, and don’t forget to lift someone up.”
“Maturity is when you stop complaining and making excuses, and start making changes.”
“When in a relationship, a real man doesn't make his woman jealous of others, he makes others jealous of his woman.”
“What's done is done. What's gone is gone. One of life's lessons is always moving on. It’s okay to look back to see how far you’ve come but keep moving forward.”
“Strong people have a strong sense of self-worth and self-awareness; they don’t need the approval of others.”
“Never stop dreaming, never stop believing, never give up, never stop trying, and never stop learning.”
“When the going gets tough, put one foot in front of the other and just keep going. Don’t give up.”
“Stop giving other people the power to control your happiness, your mind, and your life. If you don't take control of yourself and your own life, someone else is bound to try.”
“At the end of the day, let there be no excuses, no explanations, no regrets.”
“We all make mistakes, have struggles, and even regret things in our past. But you are not your mistakes, you are not your struggles, and you are here NOW with the power to shape your day and your future.”
“If you have a strong purpose in life, you don't have to be pushed. Your passion will drive you there.”
“Whatever the mind can conceive and believe, it can achieve.”
“I will not try to convince you to love me, to respect me, to commit to me. I deserve better than that; I AM BETTER THAN THAT...Goodbye.”
“Although the world is full of suffering, it is full also of the overcoming of it.”
“You must learn to let go. Release the stress. You were never in control anyway.”
“Make a pact with yourself today to not be defined by your past. Sometimes the greatest thing to come out of all your hard work isn't what you get for it, but what you become for it. Shake things up today! Be You...Be Free...Share.”
“Circumstances are the rulers of the weak; they are but the instruments of the wise.”
“The strongest people find the courage and caring to help others, even if they are going through their own storm.”
“The surest way to make your dreams come true is to live them.”
“Do not let arrogance go to your head and despair to your heart; do not let compliments go to your head and criticisms to your heart; do not let success go to your head and failure to your heart.”
“You cannot change anyone, but you can be the reason someone changes.”
“Each day brings new opportunities, allowing you to constantly live with love—be there for others—bring a little light into someone's day. Be grateful and live each day to the fullest.”
“Do not stop thinking of life as an adventure. You have no security unless you can live bravely, excitingly, imaginatively; unless you can choose a challenge instead of competence.”
“Action may not always bring happiness, but there is no happiness without action. ”
“Courage is feeling fear, not getting rid of fear, and taking action in the face of fear.”
“To have what you have never had, you have to do what you have never done.”
“If you hang out with chickens, you're going to cluck and if you hang out with eagles, you're going to fly.”
“Live the Life of Your DreamsWhen you start living the life of your dreams, there will always be obstacles, doubters, mistakes and setbacks along the way. But with hard work, perseverance and self-belief there is no limit to what you can achieve.”
“You are the average of the five people you spend the most time with.”
“You Are the Master of Your AttitudeYou cannot control what happens to you, but you can control the way you think about all the events. You always have a choice. You can choose to face them with a positive mental attitude.”
“People are always blaming their circumstances for what they are. I don't believe in circumstances. The people who get on in this world are the people who get up and look for the circumstances they want, and if they can't find them, make them.”
“Renew, release, let go. Yesterday’s gone. There’s nothing you can do to bring it back. You can’t “should’ve” done something. You can only DO something. Renew yourself. Release that attachment. Today is a new day!”
“How would your life be different if...You walked away from gossip and verbal defamation? Let today be the day...You speak only the good you know of other people and encourage others to do the same.”
“Forget yesterday - it has already forgotten you. Don't sweat tomorrow - you haven't even met. Instead, open your eyes and your heart to a truly precious gift - today.”
“I write for the same reason I breathe - because if I didn't, I would die.”
“Don’t let others tell you what you can’t do. Don't let the limitations of others limit your vision. If you can remove your self-doubt and believe in yourself, you can achieve what you never thought possible.”
“You have to accept whatever comes, and the only important thing is that you meet it with the best you have to give.”
“Only he who attempts the absurd is capable of achieving the impossible.”
“I want to live my life in such a way that when I get out of bed in the morning, the devil says, "aw shit, he's up!”
“Don't wish it were easier. Wish you were better.”
“In the end, you have to choose whether or not to trust someone.”
“Great leaders create more leaders, not followers.”
“If you don’t give up on something you truly believe in, you will find a way.”
“Turn your obstacles into opportunities and your problems into possibilities.”
“Don't confuse poor decision-making with destiny. Own your mistakes. It’s ok; we all make them. Learn from them so they can empower you!”
“The most important step a man can take. It's not the first one, is it? It's the next one. Always the next step, Dalinar.”
“Never respond to an angry person with a fiery comeback, even if he deserves it...Don't allow his anger to become your anger.”
“Don't fear failure. — Not failure, but low aim, is the crime. In great attempts it is glorious even to fail.”
“Be the positive impact on the lives of others.”
“Rejection is an opportunity for your selection.”
“Dreams don't work unless you take action. The surest way to make your dreams come true is to live them.”
“It takes sunshine and rain to make a rainbow. There would be no rainbows without sunshine and rain.”
“I cannot let the fear of the past color the future.”
“Want to keep Christ in Christmas? Feed the hungry, clothe the naked, forgive the guilty, welcome the unwanted, care for the ill, love your enemies, and do unto others as you would have done unto you.”
“It doesn’t matter how many times you get knocked down. All that matters is you get up one more time than you were knocked down.”
“Failure is a bend in the road, not the end of the road. Learn from failure and keep moving forward.”
“It doesn't matter what you did or where you were...it matters where you are and what you're doing. Get out there! Sing the song in your heart and NEVER let anyone shut you up!!”
“It takes guts and humility to admit mistakes. Admitting we're wrong is courage, not weakness.”
“Discipline Your Mind to Think Positively: Discipline your mind to see the good in every situation and look on the best side of every event.”
“First say to yourself what you would be;and then do what you have to do.”
“The one who falls and gets up is stronger than the one who never tried. Do not fear failure but rather fear not trying.”
“What you stay focused on will grow.”
“Don’t wait for things to happen. Make them happen.”
“Be silent and safe — silence never betrays you; Be true to your word and your work and your friend; Put least trust in him who is foremost to praise you,Nor judge of a road till it draw to the end.”
“You learn something valuable from all of the significant events and people, but you never touch your true potential until you challenge yourself to go beyond imposed limitations.”
“Challenge and adversity are meant to help you know who you are. Storms hit your weakness, but unlock your true strength.”
“You were put on this earth to achieve your greatest self, to live out your purpose, and to do it courageously.”
“Stop doing what is easy. Start doing what is right.”
“Changing your outside world cannot make you happy if you are an unhappy person. The real personal change can only happen from the inside out. If you firstly create the change within yourself, you can turn your life around.”
“7 Effective Ways to Make Others Feel Important 1. Use their name.2. Express sincere gratitude.3. Do more listening than talking.4. Talk more about them than about you.5. Be authentically interested.6. Be sincere in your praise.7. Show you care.”
“Don't wait for the right moment to start, start and make each moment right.”
“Plant seeds of happiness, hope, success, and love; it will all come back to you in abundance. This is the law of nature.”
“When things do not go your way, remember that every challenge — every adversity — contains within it the seeds of opportunity and growth.”
“Good people see the good and bring out the best in other people.”
“Make the most of the best and the best of the worst, and keep your standards high. Never settle for anything less than you deserve or are capable of achieving.”
“Gratitude builds a bridge to abundance.”
“The universe doesn’t give you what you ask for with your thoughts - it gives you what you demand with your actions.”
“You were born to stand out, stop trying to fit in.”
“Beliefs are choices. First you choose your beliefs. Then your beliefs affect your choices.”
“You are essentially who you create yourself to be and all that occurs in your life is the result of your own making.”
“The reason many people in our society are miserable, sick, and highly stressed is because of an unhealthy attachment to things they have no control over.”
“Life is short. Focus on what really matters most. You have to change your priorities over time.”
“It doesn't matter if a million people tell you what you can't do, or if ten million tell you no. If you get one yes from God that's all you need.”
“Change may not always bring growth, but there is no growth without change.”
“Great leaders can see the greatness in others when they can’t see it themselves and lead them to their highest potential they don’t even know.”
“When you take control of your attitude, you take control of your life.”
“The right thing to do and the hard thing to do are usually the same.”
“Stop doing what is easy or popular. Start doing what is right.”
“I promise you nothing is as chaotic as it seems. Nothing is worth diminishing your health. Nothing is worth poisoning yourself into stress, anxiety, and fear.”
“One of the best ways to influence people is to make them feel important.”
“Enthusiasm can help you find the new doors, but it takes passion to open them. If you have a strong purpose in life, you don't have to be pushed. Your passion will drive you there.”
“The comfort zone is a psychological state in which one feels familiar, safe, at ease, and secure. You never change your life until you step out of your comfort zone; change begins at the end of your comfort zone.”
“Let go of something old that no longer serves you in order to make room for something new.”
“My past has not defined me, destroyed me, deterred me, or defeated me; it has only strengthened me.”
“One resolution I have made, and try always to keep, is this: ‘To rise above little things’.”
“To learn something new, you need to try new things and not be afraid to be wrong.”
“I cannot compromise my respect for your love. You can keep your love, I will keep my respect.”
“It's funny how, in this journey of life, even though we may begin at different times and places, our paths cross with others so that we may share our love, compassion, observations, and hope. This is a design of God that I appreciate and cherish.”
“Consistency is the true foundation of trust. Either keep your promises or do not make them.”
“Everything is hard before it is easy”
“Shine your light and make a positive impact on the world; there is nothing so honorable as helping improve the lives of others.”
“Dream your own dreams, achieve your own goals. Your journey is your own and unique.”
“The discontent and frustration that you feel is entirely your own creation.”
“Great Leaders Create More LeadersGood leaders have vision and inspire others to help them turn vision into reality. Great leaders create more leaders, not followers. Great leaders have vision, share vision, and inspire others to create their own.”
“Be with someone who inspires you and makes you be the best version of yourself.”
“The greatest step towards a life of simplicity is to learn to let go.”
“Life teaches us the right path is rarely the easy one.”
“The harder you fall, the heavier your heart; the heavier your heart, the stronger you climb; the stronger you climb, the higher your pedestal.”
“Every choice comes with a consequence. Once you make a choice, you must accept responsibility. You cannot escape the consequences of your choices, whether you like them or not.”
“Keep in mind that the true measure of an individual is how he treats a person who can do him absolutely no good.”
“Find a purpose to serve, not a lifestyle to live.”
“Failures are the stairs we climb to reach success.”
“No one has ever achieved greatness without dreams.”
“Free yourself from the complexities and drama of your life. Simplify. Look within. Within ourselves we all have the gifts and talents we need to fulfill the purpose we've been blessed with.”
“You can have everything you want if you can put your heart and soul into everything you do.”
“Live boldly. Push yourself. Don't settle.”
“Stay strong, stay positive, and never give up.”
“How much you can learn when you fail determines how far you will go into achieving your goals.”
“Change course, but don’t give up.”
“Those with a grateful mindset tend to see the message in the mess. And even though life may knock them down, the grateful find reasons, if even small ones, to get up.”
“No matter how much experience you have, there’s always something new you can learn and room for improvement.”
“Create a vision for the life you really want and then work relentlessly towards making it a reality.”
“Do not let your negative thoughts have power over you because those thoughts will end up controlling your life. No one can live a positive life with a negative mind.”
“Be where you are, stop over-thinking, and focus on what you are doing.”
“If you have a goal, write it down. If you do not write it down, you do not have a goal - you have a wish.”
“You are never alone. You are eternally connected with everyone.”
“If you care about something enough, you'll find a way to make it happen.”
“To overcome fear is the quickest way to gain your self-confidence.”
“One must always be prepared for riotous and endless waves of transformation.”
“Plants are more courageous than almost all human beings: an orange tree would rather die than produce lemons, whereas instead of dying the average person would rather be someone they are not.”
“What helps you persevere is your resilience and commitment.”
“Instead of worrying about what could go wrong, change your thoughts to what could go right. When you change the negative thought into a positive one, it eliminates the negative one.”
“If you believe you can, you might. If you know you can, you will.”
“You make the world a better place by making daily improvements to become the best version of yourself.”
“A gentleman is someone who does not what he wants to do, but what he should do.”
“Be careful the stories you're telling yourself about your current circumstances; a head full of negative thoughts has no space for positive ones.”
“It's not what we do once in a while that shapes our lives. It's what we do consistently.”
“When you concentrate your energy purposely on the future possibility that you aspire to realize, your energy is passed on to it and makes it attracted to you with a force stronger than the one you directed towards it.”
“...yelling doesn't make a thing any more possible.”
“Act the way you'd like to be and soon you'll be the way you'd like to act.”
“You attract who you are being. When you work at being the type of person that you want to attract, you attract those kinds of people into your life.”
“If you are not the hero of your own story, then you're missing the whole point of your humanity.”
“A young outcast will often feel that there is something wrong with himself, but as he gets older, grows more confident in who he is, he will adapt, he will begin to feel that there is something wrong with everyone else.”
“Sometimes it's worth lingering on the journey for a while before getting to the destination.”
“What the mind can conceive and believe, and the heart desire, you can achieve.”
“We have been called to heal wounds, to unite what has fallen apart, and to bring home those who have lost their way.”
“Love is as simple as the absence of self given to another. God, when invited, fills the void of any unrequited love; hence loving is how one is drawn closer to God no matter its most horrific repercussions.”
“The most intriguing people you will encounter in this life are the people who had insights about you, that you didn't know about yourself.”
“Faith moves mountains, love transforms hearts.”
“Set the standard! Stop expecting others to show you love, acceptance, commitment, & respect when you don't even show that to yourself.”
“Sometimes letting go is simply changing the labels you place on an event. Looking at the same event with fresh eyes.”
“No matter what your history has been, your destiny is what you create today. What are you going to create?”
“Don’t tell me about your god with your words. Show me about your god with your actions.”
“You have the ability to choose your reactions.”
“Do what you think is right. Don't let people make the decision of right or wrong for you.”
“Times will change for the better when you change.”
“People will always have opinions about your decision because they're not courageous enough to take action on their opinion.”
“If you're offered a seat on a rocket ship, don't ask what seat! Just get on.”
“Either you run the day or the day runs you..”
“Your opinion is not my reality.”
“Once your mindset changes, everything on the outside will change along with it.”
“And worse I may be yet: the worst is notSo long as we can say 'This is the worst.”
“A photograph shouldn't be just a picture, it should be a philosophy.”
“Because when we give too many fucks, when we choose to give a fuck about everything, then we feel as though we are perpetually entitled to feel comfortable and happy at all times, that’s when life fucks us.”
“Look around you. Everything changes. Everything on this earth is in a continuous state of evolving, refining, improving, adapting, enhancing...changing. You were not put on this earth to remain stagnant.”
“God helps those who strut their stuff.”
“Leaders are limited by their vision rather than by their abilities.”
“The level of success you achieve will be in direct proportion to the depth of your commitment.”
“Integrity is doing what is right and truthful, and doing as you say you would do.”
“Annual income twenty pounds, annual expenditure nineteen nineteen and six , result happiness.Annual income twenty pounds, annual expenditure twenty pounds ought and six, result misery”
“Don't bother just to be better than your contemporaries or predecessors. Try to be better than yourself.”
“If you're waiting until you feel talented enough to make it, you'll never make it.”
“If an apology is followed by an excuse or a reason, it means they are going to commit same mistake again they just apologized for.”
“When you are living the best version of yourself, you inspire others to live the best versions of themselves.”
“12--Lose Battles, But Win The War: Grand StrategyGrand strategy is the art of looking beyond the present battle and calculating ahead. Focus on your ultimate goal and plot to reach it.”
“My atheism, like that of Spinoza, is true piety towards the universe and denies only gods fashioned by men in their own image, to be servants of their human interests.”
“God is whispering in your heart, in the whole existence, just tune your ears.”
“Life has no limitations, except the ones you make.”
“Become the leader of your life. Lead yourself to where you want to be. Breathe life back into your ambitions, your desires, your goals, your relationships.”
“remember that trying is eighty percent of doing something. So try and don't give up, because not giving up is the other twenty percent.”
“Happiness is a state of mind, a choice, a way of living; it is not something to be achieved, it is something to be experienced.”
“I am not a victim. No matter what I have been through, I'm still here. I have a history of victory.”
“Just for the record: happiness is not bullshit.”
“The more you believed in yourself, the more you could trust yourself. The more you trust yourself, the less you compare yourself to others.”
“Holding a grudge & harboring anger/resentment is poison to the soul. Get even with people...but not those who have hurt us, forget them, instead get even with those who have helped us.”
“Most people fail in life not because they aim too high and miss, but because they aim too low and hit.”
“If you take responsibility for yourself you will develop a hunger to accomplish your dreams.”
“The more you talk about them, the more important they will feel. The more you listen to them, the more important you will make them feel.”
“Don't be distracted by criticism. Remember ~ the only taste of success some people have is when they take a bite out of you.”
“Never underestimate the power you have to take your life in a new direction.”
“Keep your head in the clouds and your hands on the keyboard.”
“To be heroic is to be courageous enough to die for something; to be inspirational is to be crazy enough to live a little.”
“Until you change how you get things done, you'll never know what works best.”
“The spirit of the individual is determined by his dominating thought habits.”
“Your beliefs affect your choices. Your choices shape your actions. Your actions determine your results. The future you create depends upon the choices you make and the actions you take today.”
“Don't give up! It's not over. The universe is balanced. Every set-back bears with it the seeds of a come-back.”
“Dedicate yourself to what gives your life true meaning and purpose; make a positive difference in someone's life.”
“Finding the lesson behind every adversity will be the one important thing that helps get you through it.”
“How would your life be different if...You didn’t allow yourself to be defined by your past? Let today be the day...You stop letting your history interfere with your destiny and awaken to the opportunity to release your greatest self.”
“Stop blaming outside circumstances for your inside chaos.”
“Remember that things are not always as they appear to be... Curiosity creates possibilities and opportunities.”
“You make mistakes, mistakes don't make you”
“If a man has his eyes bound, you can encourage him as much as you like to stare through the bandage, but he'll never see anything.”
“Being defeated is often a temporary condition. Giving up is what makes it permanent.”
“What is the point of being on this Earth if you are going to be like everyone else?”
“Real change is difficult at the beginning, but gorgeous at the end. Change begins the moment you get the courage and step outside your comfort zone; change begins at the end of your comfort zone.”
“When was the last time you woke up and realized that today could be the best day of your life?”
“The greatest revenge is massive success.”
“You have to lift a person up before you can really put them in their place.”
“Live out of your imagination instead of out of your memory.”
“الأحلام التي لا تدفعك للتحدث عنها بشغف هي أحلام ناقصة”
“Sometimes we forget about our own advantages because we focus on what we don't have. Just because you have to work a little harder at something that seems easier to others doesn't mean you're without your own talents.”
“Never say anything about yourself you don't want to come true”
“What others think about you is none of your business.”
“The most powerful magic of all is choice.”
“Your life begins to change the day you take responsibility for it.”
“We are exactly what our history made us to be.”
“It is difficult to make the right choice if you fear choosing wrongly.”
“Never let fear hold you captive. Never let self-doubt hold you captive. Never let frustration hold you captive.”
“Accept yourself, your strengths, your weaknesses, your truths, and know what tools you have to fulfill your purpose.”
“Goals are the road maps that guide you to your destination. Cultivate the habit of setting clearly-defined written goals; they are the road maps that guide you to your destination.”
“It’s a lack of clarity that creates chaos and frustration. Those emotions are poison to any living goal.”
“Seize the wind," I whispered. "Don't become the kite that never flies.”
“Stop comparing yourself to others. Always strive to improve yourself to become better today than you were yesterday to serve those around you and the world.”
“Focus on making choices to lead your life that aligns with your core values in the most purposeful way possible.”
“Don't let the tall weeds cast a shadow on the beautiful flowers in your garden.”
“For your past, for your flaws, and ultimately for your stress; I judge no one whom I’ve met along the way because in a sense we were all wounded in our own ways.”
“Someone's opinion of you does not have to become your reality.”
“Simplify your life. You don't grow spiritual, you shrink spiritual.”
“Align yourself with people that you can learn from, people who want more out of life, people who are stretching and searching and seeking some higher ground in life.”
“Shoot for the moon, because even if you miss you miss, you'll land in the stars.”
“Your own setbacks aren’t what they first appear to be; rather than viewing them as failures, view them as learning opportunities that are the building blocks for future preparation.”
“Make the choice to embrace this day. Do not let your TODAY be stolen by the ghost of yesterday or the "To-Do" list of tomorrow! It’s inspiring to see all the wonderfully amazing things that can happen in a day in which you participate.”
“As I naturally go through a full range of emotions in my life, I mustn’t feel ashamed for feeling lost, for it is honest and human to feel such.”
“Just because Fate doesn't deal you the right cards, it doesn't mean you should give up. It just means you have to play the cards you get to their maximum potential.”
“People in general would rather die than forgive. It's that hard. If God said in plain language. "I'm giving you a choice, forgive or die," a lot of people would go ahead and order their coffin.”
“One day in my shoes and a day for me in your shoes, the beauty of travel lies in the ease and willingness to be more open.”
“Whether you know or not, you are the infinite potential of love, peace and joy”
“You don't have to get it perfect, you just have to get it going. Babies don't walk the first time they try, but eventually they get it right”
“You can lose your MONEY. You can lose your FRIENDS. You can lose your JOB and you can lose your MARRIAGE...and still recover...as long as there is HOPE. Never lose HOPE.”
“Orang yang tidak pernah dibakar panas mentari, mustahil menghargai rimbun berteduh - peribahasa Turki.”
“You cannot continue on the same path and arrive at a different destination. Make the choice to have your actions reflect your goals.”
“Be happy with who you are and what you do, and you can do anything you want.”
“It's up to you today to start making healthy choices. Not choices that are just healthy for your body, but healthy for your mind.”
“Do not let another day go by where your dedication to other people's opinions is greater than your dedication to your own emotions!”
“Confidence is like a dragon where, for every head cut off, two more heads grow back.”
“People are successful because they think and act like successful people.”
“Always Remember to take your Vitamins: Take your Vitamin A for ACTION, Vitamin B for Belief, Vitamin C for Confidence ,Vitamin D for Discipline, Vitamin E for Enthusiasm!!”
“Not all dreamers are winners, but all winners are dreamers. Your dream is the key to your future. The Bible says that, "without a vision (dream), a people perish." You need a dream, if you're going to succeed in anything you do.”
“Everything is within your power,and your power is within you.”
“The size of your dreams must always exceed your current capacity to achieve them. If your dreams do not scare you, they are not big enough.”
“A birth-date is a reminder to celebrate the life as well as to update the life.”
“At school, new ideas are thrust at you every day. Out in the world, you'll have to find your inner motivation to seek for new ideas on your own.”
“Do more listening than talking; talk more about them than about you.”
“One word of encouragement can be enough to spark someone’s motivation to continue with a difficult challenge.”
“With a hint of good judgment, to fear nothing, not failure or suffering or even death, indicates that you value life the most. You live to the extreme; you push limits; you spend your time building legacies. Those do not die.”
“Despite everything, it's still you.”
“Forgive yourself for your faults and your mistakes and move on.”
“Perfection does not exist -- you can always do better and you can always grow.”
“The difference between greed and ambition is a greedy person desires things he isn't prepared to work for.”
“The power to change your life lies in the simplest of steps.”
“When you are lonely for a while don't get restless, if you had born alone, you are going to die alone then for sometime you can certainly live alone.”
“We can’t help the way we’re born. We can’t help what we are, only what life we choose to make for ourselves.”
“Success is a poor teacher”
“What we perceive about ourselves is greatly a reflection of how we will end up living our lives.”
“Soar with wit. Conquer with dignity. Handle with care.”
“Fear can only grow in darkness. Once you face fear with light, you win.”
“We can't undo a single thing we have ever done, but we can make decisions today that propel us to the life we want and towards the healing we need.”
“You can't just wish change; you have to live the change in order for it to become a reality.”
“Reading the Bible will help you get to know the word, but it’s when you put it down and live your life that you get to know the author.”
“A very small percentage of the people in this world will actually experience and live today. So many people will be stuck on another day, another time that traumatized them and caused them to spiritually stutter so they miss out on this day.”
“Be wise today so you don't cry tomorrow.”
“To assess the quality of thoughts of people, don't listen to their words, but watch their actions.”
“You are what you believe in. You become that which you believe you can become”
“If you want to find happiness, find gratitude.”
“Everyone's time is limited. What matters most is to focus on what matters most.”
“Do it first and feel about it afterwards.' - Dagny Taggart”
“Never allow your mind to wander untamed like a wild animal that exists on the basis of survival of the fittest. Tame your mind with consistent focus on your goals and desires.”
“Grateful souls focus on the happiness and abundance present in their lives and this in turn attracts more abundance and joy towards them.”
“When you start giving, instead of getting, you make a difference. You can always give a warm smile, a sincere hello, a positive vibe... your attention, your time, your love, and kindness to those around you.”
“It is not as much about who you used to be, as it is about who you choose to be.”
“Intelligence is more important than strength, that is why earth is ruled by men and not by animals.”
“Life is a balanced system of learning and evolution. Whether pleasure or pain; every situation in your life serves a purpose. It is up to us to recognize what that purpose could be.”
“Manifesting is a lot like making a cake. The things needed are supplied by you, the mixing is done by your mind and the baking is done in the oven of the universe.”
“I’ll detach myself from the crowd if it hinders my growth, I’ll fall from the tree that won’t let me grow.”
“I will heighten my life by helping others heighten theirs”
“Everyone of us needs to show how much we care for each other and, in the process, care for ourselves.”
“No one rises to low expectations”
“Do you love yourself enough to BE what you love yourself enough to WANT?”
“When admiring other people's gardens, don't forget to tend to your own flowers.”
“Before this generation lose the wisdom, one advice - read books.”
“One of the most healing things you can do is recognize where in your life you are your own poison.”
“By reacting from fear instead of responding from love, you inject poison directly into the veins of your relationship.”
“You are the perfect creation of God. Don't allow you to be down. God is experiencing through you.”
“It’s time to care; it’s time to take responsibility; it’s time to lead; it’s time for a change; it’s time to be true to our greatest self; it’s time to stop blaming others.”
“When I face the desolate impossibility of writing five hundred pages, a sick sense of failure falls on me, and I know I can never do it. Then gradually, I write one page and then another. One day's work is all I can permit myself to contemplate.”
“How would your life be different if...You pretended those around you were deaf to your words? Let today be the day...You let your actions speak and communicate your feelings and intentions.”
“Are you going to allow the world around you to change while you remain stagnant? Make this the time you throw away old habits that have hindered your happiness and success and finally allow your greatest self to flourish.”
“Life itself is simple...it's just not easy.”
“You are where you are right now because of the actions you've taken, or maybe, the inaction you've taken.”
“Think of the patience God has had for you and let it resonate to others. If you want a more patient world, let patience be your motto”
“It is better to find your courage to make changes when you can choose to rather than being forced to. If you do not make change, change will make you.”
“The whole value of solitude depends upon oneself; it may be a sanctuary or a prison, a haven of repose or a place of punishment, a heaven or a hell, as we ourselves make it.”
“The value of surrounding yourself with positive people is not what you get from them, but how good a person you have become because of them.”
“How would your life be different if...You stopped focusing on what you didn’t want and started focusing on what you do want? Let today be the day...You establish a clear intent, make a plan, and take actions towards your intent.”
“Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss, you'll land among the stars.”
“Scholars, theologians, and even poets have yet to be able to truly describe and touch upon the beauty, romance, and magic of a relationship built on 100% authenticity”
“If you don’t know exactly where you’re going, how will you know when you get there?”
“Politeness is the first thing people lose once they get the power.”
“Kindness is universal. Sometimes being kind allows others to see the goodness in humanity through you. Always be kinder than necessary.”
“It is better to aim high and miss than to aim low and hit.”
“Resources are hired to give results, not reasons.”
“All worries are less with wine.”
“A friend who is far away is sometimes much nearer than one who is at hand.”
“When you are angry try your best to go to sleep, it keeps you away from speaking, writing and thinking while you are angry.”
“You don't have to be great to get started but you have to get started to be great.”
“Your feelings wouldn't get hurt if you were honest with yourself”
“The way you live your day is a sentence in the story of your life. Each day you make the choice whether the sentence ends with a period, question mark, or exclamation point.”
“Most people think the biggest sacrifice, the greates act of love you can give is to die for someone. And probably it is. But Sometimes it is the opposite. The biggest thing you can do for someone is to live.”
“Do not sabotage your new relationship with your last relationship’s poison.”
“You can't learn in school what the world is going to do next year.”
“Stop giving meaningless praise and start giving meaningful action.”
“Make the most of the best and the least of the worst.”
“When we replace a sense of service and gratitude with a sense of entitlement and expectation, we quickly see the demise of our relationships, society, and economy.”
“Stop allowing your day-to-day life to be clouded by busy nothingness.”
“Today is yours to shape. Create a masterpiece!”
“A person doesn't have to change who he is to become better.”
“Live your vision and demand your success.”
“I often wished that more people understood the invisible side of things. Even the people who seemed to understand, didn't really.”
“Success in life is not for those who run fast, but for those who keep running and always on the move.”
“Free yourself from the complexities of your life! A life of simplicity and happiness awaits you.”
“Search for contentment in each person you meet.”
“Change is the parent of progress.”
“What do you think will be more effective when it comes to succeeding, believing you can or KNOWING you will? Let today be the last day you took timid steps of belief and start taking confident steps of purpose-driven knowing!”
“The first place where self-esteem begins its journey is within us.”
“Today stretches ahead of you waiting to be shaped. You are the sculptor who gets to do the shaping. What today will be like is up to you.”
“When you establish a destination by defining what you want, then take physical action by making choices that move you towards that destination, the possibility for success is limitless and arrival at the destination is inevitable.”
“Your hopes, dreams and aspirations are legitimate. They are trying to take you airborne, above the clouds, above the storms, if you only let them.”
“Just because you're in a situation, doesn't mean you have to be that situation. You're not the situation you're in!”
“I hear you say 'Why?' Always 'Why?' You see things; and you say 'Why?' But I dream things that never were; and I say 'Why not?”
“Never confuse someone else's inability to do something with its inability to be done.”
“Just because I'm doing what I love, doesn't mean It's always going to be fun.”
“Superhuman effort isn't worth a damn unless it achieves results.”
“Wanting something is not enough. You must hunger for it. Your motivation must be absolutely compelling in order to overcome the obstacles that will invariably come your way.”
“you don't have to be great to get started but you have to to get started to be great”
“Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living out fears.”
“If you don't sacrifice for what you want, what you want becomes the sacrifice”
“Maturity is when you stop complaining and making excuses in your life; you realize everything that happens in life is a result of the previous choice you’ve made and start making new choices to change your life.”
“You're never ready for what you have to do. You just do it. That makes you ready.”
“The only easy day was yesterday.”
“Discipline your mind to see the good in every situation and look on the best side of every event. Discipline your mind to think positively; to see the good in every situation and look on the best side of every event.”
“The beginning is always NOW.”
“Whatever choice you make makes you. Choose wisely.”
“Live Today! Do not allow your spirit to be softened of your happiness to be limited by a day you cannot have back or a day that does not yet exist.”
“Your dream is a reality that is waiting for you to materialize. Today is a new day! Don’t let your history interfere with your destiny! Learn from your past so that it can empower your present and propel you to greatness”
“You need mountains, long staircases don't make good hikers.”
“Interrupt your thoughts of "I should", with your action of doing.”
“Dream big. Wake up. Take the first step into the unknown.”
“Sometimes you're drowning yourself in your own words.”
“A lack of clarity could put the brakes on any journey to success.”
“When you truly embrace your human impermanence you connect with the power you have, and influence you have, over the time you have.”
“Let today be the day you stop having conflict between your actions and your goals and finally align your greatest intent with your purposeful actions, creating a universal symphony serenading your success!”
“Make a pact with yourself today to not be defined by your past. Instead, shake things up today! Live through today. Don’t just exist through it - LIVE through it!”
“As with all other aspects of the narrative art, you will improve with practice, but practice will never make you perfect. Why should it? What fun would that be?”
“Live life with a purpose and live it full out.”
“It is not enough if you just live life as it comes to you like a floating leaf in a pond. Make use of the powers bestowed in you and soar like an eagle.”
“There is no tomorrow and there was no yesterday; if you truly want to accomplish your goals you must engulf yourself in today.”
“To be is to do.”
“In business 'professionalism' is not a tactic but a moral value.”
“You have seen me fall; now see me rise.”
“Just like your body and lifestyle can be healthy or unhealthy, the same is true with your beliefs. Your beliefs can be your medicine or your poison.”
“In the modern workplace, you gotta be a jack-of-all-trades. Mastering your career is all about being adaptable, versatile, and always learning.”
“Want to make waves in the business world? Then you gotta be bold, take risks, and always be ready to pivot.”
“Professional development is important, but let's not forget about the most important kind of development - personal brand development. Because in the modern workplace, it's not what you know, it's who knows you.”
“Don't just climb the corporate ladder, master it! And if anyone tries to push you off, show them who's boss and climb even higher.”
“Success is not just about hard work, it's about working smart. So, take a break from the grind and strategize like a pro.”
“Create. Not for the money. Not for the fame. Not for the recognition. But for the pure joy of creating something and sharing it.”
“Free yourself from the burden of feeling the need to hold on to anything. Let go... you are a part of everything.”
“Learn from your history, but don’t live in it.”
“The price tag you put on yourself decides your worth. Underestimating yourself will cost you dearly.”
“All my problems bow before my stubbornness.”
“CONCERNED BUT NOT CONSUMED!”
“Although goals are important, having a plan of action is vital to the success of those goals. Having a goal with no plan of action is like wanting to travel to a new destination without having a map.”
“Start shaping your own day. Start walking your own walk. This journey is yours, take charge of it. Stop giving other people the power to shape your life.”
“Too much action with too little intent makes for wasteful exertion of energy and the confusion between movement and progress.”
“Free yourself from the inauthenticity and disempowerment of your story.”
“Never run from the truth. It is always there; it never changes – save your energy.”
“There's only one thing that will make them stop hating you. And that's being so good at what you do that they can't ignore you.”
“Don't be one of those who don't want others to be empowered. Share information. Try to make the next person, smarter.”
“Success can be defined in many ways but failure in only one ... quitting!”
“No matter what the cause, God is only as willing as you are.”
“Action is the universal language of success.”
“I’ve learned that no matter how inspired, fired up and motivated you might be, the dark clouds will always set in”
“Success is not just about what you achieve, but also about how you impact others. Be a leader, inspire those around you, and leave a lasting legacy.”
“The Key to Success is Action”
“If you are going to be successful, you need to give up the phrase, "I can't" & all of its cousins, such as "I wish I were able to.”
“What's money? A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do.”
“They say that the first step to success is setting clear goals. Well, I've got plenty of goals - like finally getting that corner office with a view, and firing my most annoying colleague.”
“They say that success is a journey, not a destination. But let's be real, the destination is pretty sweet - especially if it comes with a six-figure salary and a company car.”
“If you're early, you're on time. If you're on time, you're late.”
“If people just took it a day at a time, they'd be a lot happier.”
“To achieve career mastery, you must first master yourself. Take the time to assess your strengths, weaknesses, and goals, and then chart a course for success.”
“If you want to achieve career mastery, then you need to be willing to put in the work. But don't worry, the view from the top is totally worth it.”
“If you're not driving business growth and profitability, then you might as well be a houseplant. So get out there and make some money, honey!”
“The modern job market is like a game of musical chairs. You need to be the one with a chair when the music stops, or you're out of luck.”
“The workplace is like a battlefield, and you need to be a warrior to survive. So arm yourself with knowledge and fight for your place in the corporate world.”
“Accepting personal responsibility for your life frees you from outside influences – increases your self-esteem – boosts confidence in your ability to decisions – and ultimately leads to achieve success in life.”
“Persistence is to the character of man as carbon is to steel.”
“If everyone is moving forward together, then success takes care of itself.”
“The lust for comfort kills the passions of the soul.”
“If it is bread that you seek, you will have bread. If it is the soul you seek, you will find the soul. If you understand this secret, you know you are that which you seek.”
“The road to success is always under construction.”
“Do not compromise yourself and put your goodness in the same impermanent category as whatever circumstance happening. Be the best you in every circumstance.”
“You don't have to be a hero to accomplish great things---to compete. You can just be an ordinary chap, sufficiently motivated to reach challenging goals.”
“Step out of your comfort zone. Comfort zones, where your unrealized dreams are buried, are the enemies of achievement. Leadership begins when you step outside your comfort zone.”
“Have you had a failure or rejection? You could get bitter. That's one way to deal with it. Or...you could just get BETTER. What do you think?”
“It's not what you've got, it's what you use that makes a difference.”
“We are mathematical equations where your life is the sum of all choices you've made until now. The good news is you can change the equation so that you start making a difference in your life.”
“Leave your excuses and live your dreams!”
“Pride and power fall when the person falls, but discoveries of truth form legacies that can be built upon for generations.”
“God didn’t give fear a body. God gave love a body.”
“A person today who seems to have a great sense of self-esteem has his or her childhood days to thank for it.”
“Be a worthy worker and work will come.”
“When you start something, make sure that you're willing to take the time to finish it right because, honey, the work you put into it will be more than worth it in the end. The best things always are.”
“If you can remember why you started, then you will know why you must continue.”
“The only thing wrong with trying to please everyone is that there's always at least one person who will remain unhappy. You.”
“The only way you're going to reach places you've never gone is if you trust God's direction to do things you've never done.”
“In the face of adversity, we have a choice. We can be bitter, or we can be better. Those words are my North Star.”
“You must take responsibility for removing I can't from your vocabulary.”
“It will be better to spent our energy on reality; the tangible facts, not thoughts of the past.”
“Common man's patience will bring him more happiness than common man's power.”
“Being in home is like magic moments, in a magic world, among maicians”
“Decide to be fine until the end of the week. Make yourself smile, because you're alive and that's your job. Then do it again the next week. I call it being professional. Do it right, with a smile, or don't do it.”
“The greatest love stories are not those in which love is only spoken, but those in which it is acted upon.”
“Without desires and dreams, your thoughts do not matter and you can think whatever you want to.”
“Too often we underestimate the power of a touch, a smile, a kind word, a listening ear, an honest accomplishment, or the smallest act of caring, all of which have the potential to turn a life around.”
“It is a profound and necessary truth that the deep things in science are not found because they are useful; they are found because it was possible to find them.”
“Write this down: My life is full of unlimited possibilities.”
“Stop waiting for the right person to come into your life. Be the right person to come to someone’s life”
“What good has impatience ever brought? It has only served as the mother of mistakes and the father of irritation.”
“The problem isn’t that I think so highly of myself. It is just that you think so little of yourself. Live life BIG, BOLD and OUT LOUD!”
“There has never been a meaningful life built on easy street.”
“When you are just EXISTING, life happens to you... and you manage; when you are truly LIVING, you happen to life... and you lead.”
“If at first you don’t succeed, you’re doing it wrong. Learn from the experience. Try again, but with a different approach.”
“Great losses are great lessons.”
“This moment is yours and yours alone! Take charge, seize this moment and allow it to propel you to the high levels of an empowered life. Allow upon this fertile moment to be planted the seeds of your happiness and success.”
“The people we consider successful in our society are all people that seize every moment and make the best of each situation.”
“A good self-esteem level is mostly dependant on how we value ourselves without any bias.”
“Your limits are somewhere up there, waiting for you to reach beyond infinity.”
“You are where you are and what you are because of yourself, nothing else. Nature is neutral. Nature doesn't care. If you do what other successful people do, you will enjoy the same results and rewards that they do. And if you don't, you won't.”
“It is important that when we make a resolution, or establish a goal, that we take the ACTION necessary to accomplish that goal.”
“I prefer to be on the side of losers, the misunderstood or lonely people rather than writing about the strong and powerful.”
“People have boldness to criticize but not to sensitize.”
“Once we open our eyes to the infinite magic that the universe has in abundance, we are sure to be enthralled by what we see and this miraculous creation gets us closer to our dreams and to the world as a whole.”
“Success is not only dependent on understanding your own skill-set. It’s also important to recognize the talents of others and know how to profit from them.”
“We have come here together so that you might know, through virtue of your own pain, your own hopelessness, your own fear, your own darkness and the lie of powerlessness, the very actual power of your own will, of the will of your soul.”
“Prepare yourself for success. You have to see it coming to get there.”
“If you can't be brave, be determined. And you'll end up in the same place.”
“Things do not happen TO you. They happen THROUGH you.You are the co-creator of everything in your reality.”
“While spirituality provides an efficient and endless fuel for your mind and body, you must burn that fuel with human action towards your goals, dreams, and desires.”
“Success necessitates sacrifice.”
“The people who really make you angry, control you!”
“The realisation that limitations are imaginary will make you strong and overpowering.”
“I have realized that whatever good comes to me, comes from God, whatever bad comes to me, God has allowed it, and I choose to be thankful for both.”
“Self-confidence is contagious.”
“Luck is a word the bitter teach to the ignorant.”
“I must admit, that I have learned more from my negative experiences than I have ever learned from my positive one.”
“Courage is not only about finding bravery for ourselves. It is also about helping others find theirs.”
“Notice the difference between being in control and needing control.”
“Don't use yesterday's state of mind, to make today's decision.”
“Your circumstances do NOT define you. Expect a GRAND finale.”
“Pivoting does not mean changing your goal but rather changing your strategy to realize that goal.”
“Faith UP! Your purpose is GREATER than all your PROBLEMS.”
“If you have to ask if you’ve done enough, you haven’t. Each day brings with it the opportunity to do more than you did yesterday.”
“With one kind gesture you can change a life. One person at a time you can change the world. One day at a time we can change everything.”
“Whenever we take a stand, we invite others who are siting on the sidelines to join us.”
“The future is greatly different than your life now, the actions that you take must also be greatly different. You cannot do the same thing and get something different.”
“Each day gives the opportunity for you to be treated right, to feel worthy, and to be successful. It’s a choice you have to make, a faith you have to embrace, and a standard you have to set.”
“Intent without dedicated action is simply not enough. Action without a clear intent is a waste. It is when these two powerful forces are aligned that the energy of the universe conspires in your favor.”
“You are the point of origin for everything in your world: you set the standard for yourself.”
“When someone who is suffering looks to you for compassion, it's indeed a blessing; you are chosen to be their Light in a moment of sorrow.”
“The face is the mirror of the mind, and eyes without speaking confess the secrets of the heart.”
“The time has come to harness the blessed power within us and to use it to transcend from our current existence into a more empowered reality.”
“I would rather live short and right then long and wrong.”
“We need more than just the Law of Attraction. We need to connect with its more successful twin, the Law of Generosity. And further entwine ourselves with their parent; the Law of Love.”
“Fear has the role we give it. We are able to empower or poison ourselves to whatever degree we want. This is the beauty of our design.”
“You‘ve been given the innate power to shape your life.”
“You would not be here TODAY if YESTERDAY was your defining moment. LIVE THIS DAY and move towards your dreams.”
“There are two things essential if you want to enhance your Jedi self-confidence: 1/ belief that it is possible 2/ that self-help is the best help”
“Every great leader can take you back to a defining moment when they decided to lead”
“Never engage in gossip, it kills your soul, and wounds another’s heart”
“Yet how hard most people work for mere dust and ashes and care, taking no thought of growing in knowledge and grace, never having time to get in sight of their own ignorance.”
“Sometimes we have to soak ourselves in the tears and fears of the past to water our future gardens.”
“A real decision is measured by the fact that you've taken a new action. If there's no action, you haven't truly decided.”
“The difference between being mediocre and achieving excellence is you.”
“A failure is always in the passenger seat in his or her life.”
“Pursue your goal. Opinions be damned.”
“The difference between those who adapted and those who didn't, Gorton said, was a willingness to totally commit.”
“Remember diamonds are created under pressure so hold on, it will be your time to shine soon.”
“A Master Jedi feels emotions, but they do not allow them to influence their reasoning. Yoda told Luke that he would know the good from the bad when he was 'calm, at peace.”
“You will never get everything in life but you will get enough.”
“Music shouldn't be just a tune, it should be a touch.”
“If the painter wishes to see beauties that charm him, it lies in his power to create them, and if he wishes to see monstrosities that are frightful, ridiculous, or truly pitiable, he is lord and God thereof.”
“It's not always what we don't know that gets in our way; sometimes it's what we think we know that keeps us from learning.”
“Love is perhaps the only emotions that is boundless”
“Uncertainty will always be part of the taking charge process.”
“One often has to do what they have to do in order to do what they want to do; however if you only do what you want to do then you will never do what you have to do!”
“To be happy, you have to risk being unhappy.”
“Never stop acquiring the commonsense, it is as good as the knowledge.”
“Feelings are real. They often become one’s reality. But they are not always based on truth.”
“The more clouds you have in your sky, the more colorful sunset it will be.”
“We do not observe reality, we observe our REACTIONS to it.In other words:Reality is, in essence, neutral. YOU give it meaning.”
“In what worldTo live?What loveTo give?Is it worthy?Or will it breakMy heart?EveryoneSeems to beSecretly evilAnd to tryTo disguiseThe truthWith lies;It’s disappointingBut stillI seeSomething differentIn you;I find hopeAnd I fallIn love”
“A belief is simply a thought that seems true to YOU.”
“Jedi act with confidence, move with confidence, and breathe with confidence. Jedi possess a confident calmness in their looks, attitude andbehaviour.”
“Whatever you do, do something positive.”
“The world is my church. My actions are my prayer. My behavior is my creed.”
“I have learned that the harder you fall...the higher you bounce!”
“A barrier is a limitation only when you perceive it as one.”
“When someone we know is afraid of judgment, we can provide a safe haven for their hopes by telling them first and foremost that we are proud of their efforts.”
“Have faith in the universe and its capability to lead you to the path of abundance.”
“Always have a 'Plan C”
“Coming to the END of MYSELF and all SELF effort...seems to be the very point that God steps in and shows HIMSELF to be more than ENOUGH.”
“Recovery is full of ups and downs.There is no such thing as a linear life.But you can always turn your setbacks into setups to come back stronger.”
“I want every girl in the world to pick up a guitar and start screaming.”
“A story meant to motivate all and sundry irrespective of their circumstances”
“Choice forms the divider which is responsible for the formation of all futures that can be possible.”
“An empowered life begins with serious personal questions about oneself. Those answers bare the seeds of success.”
“On the other hand, if the future is not the one you chose then you may have to use your willpower to obtain the future of your liking.”
“Most people know the physical senses, but a lot of people don’t know the soul’s senses: empathy, trust, intuition, love and harmony”
“Forgive to forget, do not forget to forgive”
“It is in the balancing of your spirituality with your humanity that you will find immeasurable happiness, success, good health, and love.”
“If the world is a book, are you the hero, or just a walk-on part?”
“When life's got you down, keep your head up... you can't see the ground anyway”
“A cord that remains, always. in many ways...”
“It's better to do something with quality, no matter how long it takes you rather than do something mediocre, with constant quantity.”
“Today is a special day that will go by very fast, so let’s take every second to make the most out of every moment.”
“The smell of the sweat is not sweet, but the fruit of the sweat is very sweet.”
“Yawns are not the only infectious things out there besides germs.Giggles can spread from person to person.So can blushing.But maybe the most powerful infectious thing is the act of speaking the truth.”
“If the fire in your heart is strong enough, it will burn away any obstacles that come your way.”
“You’re only responsible for yourself, Jess. And that’s the only person you can control. Other people will either get it or they won’t but you can’t define yourself by their opinions.”
“How we relate with other people is dependent on how we rate ourselves and what we think about ourselves.”
“Always make your future bigger than your past.”
“Taking the decision-making process away from people disempowers them. It also makes them much less likely to buy into the decision, however right it may be. One’s own conscience remains the ultimate arbiter.”
“Father has a strengthening character like the sun and mother has a soothing temper like the moon.”
“Some of the most powerful speeches I have given have been delivered in the dedicated silence of my actions.”
“Five years from today, you will be the same person that you are today, except for the books you read and the people you meet.”
“Our own self-esteem is something we can actually twist in whatever way we want.”
“I don't give up. That makes me incredibly resilient or maybe stupid or just plain stubborn. Whichever...”
“Without adversity, there would be no growth, and without growth, there would be no lesson to be learned.”
“One of the Secrets in Life is to Make Stepping Stones out of Stumbling Blocks.”
“There is no real world, just the one you create.”
“Leaders in OVER their heads is the mere result of getting ahead of their intended SEASON.”
“The word "seek" is a verb. Are you treating it as such in your life? If you seek change, success, or love, DO it - BE it!”
“How would your life be different if...you had a plan of action towards your goals? Let today be the day...You stop allowing your days to be stolen by busy nothingness and take calculated steps towards your goals.”
“You do not become outstanding by working on your weaknesses.You become outstanding by focusing entirely on your strengths.”
“A champion is someone who gets up when he can't.”
“The whole world's a canvas for our sketchesHorizons as far as the mind stretchesA work of art with soft edgesWaiting to come aliveNow's the time”
“Your only limitations are the ties you allow to bind you.”
“If I quit now, I will soon be back to where I started. And when I started I was desperately wishing to be where I am now.”
“Do I wither up and disappear, or do I make the best of my time left?"-Morrie”
“The lion never fears to walk alone.”
“What is done is done for the love of it- or not really done at all.”
“Your core, lying deep within you, is what makes you what you are. Some call it the soul, the Higher Self, the true self, the being and so on. The name is unimportant once you realize that you are more than your looks and outward appearance.”
“Your environment will eat your goals and plans for breakfast.”
“POEMINHA DO CONTRATodos estes que aí estãoAtravancando o meu caminho,Eles passarão.Eu passarinho!”
“If someone does not consider those around them to be valuable and hold only themselves in high regard, they too have a very bad self-esteem.”
“Stop allowing your outdated ideas to hinder your progress. How would your life be different if you became open to new information that can refine, improve, enhance your way of thinking, and empower your way of living?”
“Pure happiness and peace are at their peak when your body is in harmony with itself.”
“Every minute doing one thing is a minute not doing something else. Every choice is another choice not made another path grown over lost.”
“If we can acquire an attitude of self-belief, then we will surely determine our future actions and our future life opportunities.”
“Life seems to be fashioned and formed best out of the obstacles that seem unbearable.”
“Jedi are always assessing situations, actions and possibilities. Jedi don’t just think outside of the box with the help from the Force, they also adapt to situations outside of the box!”
“Jedi are conversationalists and negotiators, bringing people together and solving problems. Jedi listen and feel to what others are saying.”
“The gratitude that you feel leads to faith in the abundance and with every resonance that radiates from your mind more strong feelings of faith start to reside in you.”
“There are two kinds of leaders, cowboys and Shepherds. Cowboys drive and Shepherds lead.”
“I have not learned a single lesson, been inspired or impacted by another person’s life void of negative experiences.”
“Humans, unlike Jedi, are powerfully afraid of rejection. We do not survive well alone, so humans as a species are especially vulnerable to thoughts that make us afraid the rest of the “tribe” will desert us to die a sad, lonely death.”
“It's not about what I SEE for our future, or humanity; It's about what I DO for our future and humanity.”
“Small thinking and big dreams is an oxymoron”
“The real architect of a life is the hard and almost impossible circumstances one faces.”
“How would your life be different if...You didn’t wait for someone else to fix a problem or social issue? Let today be the day...You take up a cause that you feel in your heart and give your time and efforts towards that cause.”
“Failing to make it to the list of the best 5 students in class or not being named the team captain should not make anyone feel like they have failed.”
“Tap into ‘The Force’ and soon, at any given time that you need that extra shot of high octane confidence; you will soon be like a Jedi Master at this technique.”
“For young adults,the growth from silly to serious can be very fast, indeed.”
“You can'tstop dreamingjust becausethe night neverseems toend.”
“If you can show people how to build castles, make sure you do not neglect building and nurturing your own.”
“Get off the treadmill of consumption, replication, and mediocrity. Begin lifting the weights of creativity, originality, and success.”
“It's the days you have every right to breakdown and fall apart, yet choose to show up anyway that matter most. Don't diminish the small steps that others can't see.”
“Momentum builds success.”
“Mixing old wine with new wine is stupidity, but mixing old wisdom with new wisdom is maturity.”
“The decision is your own voice, an opinion is the echo of someone else's voice.”
“Like everything else, we know the futility of money only when we have more than enough of it.”
“If you can't impress them with your argument, impress them with your actions.”
“Nothing is permanent in my mysterious world, even my moments of belief - Jenifer”
“The Sun never sets. It is we who rise think to shine. ”
“Where do they go, these dreams of mine? Do they live? Do they die? Do they fall? Do they fly?”
“Best Way to Stay Happy is to be busy.”
“If you believe ,you can."But work hard to believe".”
“We don't have to take our personality so personally.”
“Self -pity is the worst form of poison. It kills a person without the person realizing it ~ Aarush Kashyap”
“Don't let him take who you are. Make him fear who you'll become.”
“To become, you must first believe.”
“You're going to find the people that make it work NEVER quit, quitting is NOT an option.”
“Every single ONE of us is a unique VIBRATION in a beautiful Symphony of Infinite CREATION.”
“You and your reality are ONE. When YOU change, everything changes.”
“Success is not a question of how much power or money you have acquired. It is a question of how satisfied you are with WHO YOU ARE.”
“I'm not talented at all. It's just that I spend more time thinking about art than others.”
“Live Life Fully & Abundantly”
“When YOU choose to change, your reality must change accordingly. It simply has no other choice.”
“How far can your imagination take you? I don't know. That's up to you, but I think you should find out.”
“Never think twice, when you have decided once.”
“You have tried to be superior in an ordinary realm. Now you must learn to be ordinary in a superior realm.”
“It's not about perfect. It's about effort. And when you bring that effort every single day, that's where transformation happens. That's how change occurs.”
“The most unlucky generation is the one which couldn't produce a hero to look upto.”
“Acceptance makes an incredible fertile soil for the seeds of change.”
“A life without regret can be attained by full awareness of one's actions in their present moment.”
“Instead of bracing yourself for the perils of the unknown, embrace the joy that is here, in your present moment.”
“Athletes who are able to stay completely focused in pursuit of their dreams are the ones that are most likely to become champions.”
“I m human, I m not perfect. Although, I make mistakes all the time.”
“Spirituality is for people. It’s not just for those who you might have read about in books, it’s for people.”
“There is a thin line between the impossible and the possible - that is determination.”
“Entertainment is temporary happiness, but the real happiness is permanent entertainment.”
“Killing a cruelty is not a cruelty.”
“Just be happy that it is what it is and not what it could be because after all, it could always be worse”
“The time is now, the person is you; better your life and become a name to conjure with in this day and age.”
“There is nothing that works out for the worst that won't work out for the better.”
“It so happens that at times your desires tend to disagree with the reality and this is due to the fact that you have not let the two elements complement each other.”
“Bukan sifatku untukk kalah tanpa bertarung, bahkan saat kemungkinan untuk menang tampak begitu tipis. -Katniss”
“It is our action that determines the viability of our dream.”
“If you've delayed achieving your goals, have you ever asked yourself, "What's stopping you?”
“Always be happy, you never know how happy you can make another by just being happy.”
“Let people be the pursuits of happiness, you be the pursuit of perfection.”
“We, as human beings, enjoy freedom of choice.Your attitude is your choice!”
“To believe in miracles in one thing...to know what miracle you want to manifest right now, and accept it, is another.”
“laughing is good. so long as you are not insulting anyone.”
“The greatest reward for a man's failure is not necessarily the consequent success, but what he becomes by it.”
“Viața nu e suport pentru artă. Invers stau lucrurile.”
“All work and no play will make you sad and grey!”
“jika sebuah mata harus dibalas dengan sebuah mata, hanya akan membuat seluruh dunia ini buta”
“mereka tidak dapat mengambil harga diri kita kalau kita tidak memberikannya kepada mereka”
“Strive to make small changes and learn something new daily, because there is always these experiences you have had to tap into for the future.”
“Bukan melupakan yang jadi masalahnya. Barangsiapa yang bisa menerima, maka dia akan bisa melupakan, hidup bahagia. Tapi jika dia tidak bisa menerima, dia tidak akan pernah bisa melupakan.”
“Easily mistaken, it is not about a love for adversity, it is about knowing a strength and a faith so great that adversity, in all its adverse manifestations, hardly even exists.”
“Those who don't value their words, will never value your wishes.”
“Bukan seberapa lama umat manusia bisa bertahan hidup sebagai ukuran kebahagiaan, tapi seberapa besar kemampuan mereka memeluk erat-erat semua hal menyakitkan yang mereka alami.”
“Everyone has moments of weakness. But that doesn't make you weak.”
“Reach for the sky but keep your feet on the ground”
“Live as many lives as you can.”
“Don't be indifferent about any random idea that occurs to you, because each and every idea is for a particular purpose. it may not be beneficial to you, but can be what others are craving for”
“Ability, experience and books have solution for all the problems.”
“I figure, sometimes, bad things happen to us so we can achieve a higher purpose and attain greater happiness and fulfillment in life.”
“Your youth is certainly finished and old age has definitely arrived if you feel that you are losing enthusiasm, excitement and energy towards your dreams and goals.”
“Dare to be a fool in the face of impossibilities.”
“If thinking should precede acting, then acting must succeed thinking.”
“Compromise brings harmony to both, happiness to none.”
“Don't violate the law, but don't reject an idea because it's illegal. You might be able to get the law changed.”
“Holding on to the past will hold you down in life. Learn from it but move on.”
“Greatness comes from the inside and once you believe you have it, it's yours to share with the world.”
“If you are not able to see your goals, they will take longer to achieve, and sometimes “longer” is "never.”
“You don’t get what you wish for; you get what you work for.”
“Between natural ability and education choose natural ability, as it will keep you happy and will fetch you the glory sooner.”
“If you dare take the challenge, you will possess the courage to conquer.”
“The greatest happiness is a quiet kind. It’s the tender understanding that we’re living in a very strange place full of strange creatures. And there’s quite a bit of wonder in that.”
“It takes understanding to be outstanding”
“One sure way to kill a dream, is to suffocate it with worry.”
“You cannot ‘fit yourself in’ to greatness. This can only be done by embracing and pursuing your biggest dreams and desires.”
“Well, if it can be thought, it can be done, a problem can be overcome,”
“Anytime you're afraid to try something new...just remember, amateurs built the ark, professionals built the Titanic.”
“Without inspiration the best powers of the mind remain dormant. There is a fuel in us which needs to be ignited with sparks.”
“To achieve anything, you must be prepared to dabble on the boundary of disaster.”
“Like everything in life, it is not what happens to you but how you respond to it that counts.”
“Don’t hide what you have just because people tell you it’s not normal. I have known normal people...and guess what? They are as boring as hell...”
“It is never about who is right or wrong, it is about what is best.”
“Shame and blame should have no place in our body, mind, or spirit.”
“Our perceptions are influenced by our surroundings.”
“You can start to change your luck today. Begin believing that you can have what you desire and superior things will arrive.”
“Fear is the Fatal killer of Desire.”
“Get a grip on yourself. there's only one god here on earth, and that's you. If you don't like the world, make one you like better.”
“Shrug off the no’s – they are temporary. This is your world. In your world there is only yes.”
“The thrust of continuous action is the firewood which fuels motivation.”
“Through my choices and actions, I have learned the most effective way of speaking to God is without saying a word.”
“Submission to what people call their 'lot' is simply ignoble. If your lot makes you cry and be wretched, get rid of it and take another.”
“Trust your passion, identify your dreams, and find the courage to share them with others, no matter how many times they call you a fool.”
“On your quest to spirituality it is often required to suspend your rationality; but true spirituality asks that you enhance your rationality.”
“Not matter what your sacred or religious book is, it's not how well you know the book, it's how well you're in alignment with the author.”
“Along our chosen paths, we all meet up with demons. We must meet them, and battle them, even when they are nothing but mist in the night.”
“Faith is the poetry of our dreams; action is the builder of our reality.”
“I ask myself: Are Defeats necessary ?Well,necessary or not, they happen.When we first begin fighting for our dream, we've no experience and make many mistakes.The Secret of life, though,is to fall seven times and to get up eight times !”
“Holding on, holding out and holding fast when the going is tough constitutes a winning mindset.”
“Don’t forget to collect the memories on your journey. Remember, if you only focus on your destination, you will miss out on the benefits of the journey.”
“Make peace with your past so you don't mess up the present!”
“Confidence can be learned - but not from a book. Confidence comes from from living.”
“The moon stared at me through sprinkled nighttime stardust and I alone smile.”
“In your name, the family name is at last because it's the family name that lasts.”
“Comfort zone: simply means the routine of one’s daily life – it is a psychological state in which one feels familiar, safe, at ease, and secure.”
“Those who win never give up.Those who give up never win.”
“Your rebel soul shines like a diamond pulled from dust: bright, clear and flawless.”
“Hopes, wants and wishes, all cast across the night sky with my heart in tow.”
“Not all things that fall down break. Some develop wings.”
“Your greatness is measured by your horizons.”
“Start small and keep going.”
“If one million of you give assent to the one thousand who participate in the murder of a child, then one million of you are a million times guilty.”
“Confident Assured Posture: Foundation of Powerful Style”
“Changing a Habit is Never Difficult.Difficult is to Address Your Unwillingness to do it”
“Learning to focus on the big picture will help you keep things in a proper perspective.”
“No crime is a means to an end. No crime can be rationalized.”
“What you wish to be, be.”
“If one thousand of you participate in the murder of one child, then one thousand of you are a thousand times guilty.”
“We put great expectations on our tomorrows when we truly need to rely on ourselves. Far too many overlook personal action, as a means to get things done. Blame is easily passed if one does not hold themselves accountable.”
“Man is not merely born to make money. But to fulfill is mission.”
“There is only one thing that is more natural than thinking: breathing. And it is in breathing that we find the door to happiness.”
“If you are paying someone to motivate you (seriously), you should rather pay to a psychiatrist.”
“Life isn't a struggled to know what's right. It's a struggle to do it.”
“I've had many dreams useless dreams while sleeping. Priceless are those that guide me while awake.”
“Make your lives a masterpiece, you only get one canvas.”
“We cannot walk alone. And as we walk, we must make the pledge that we shall always march ahead. We cannot turn back.”
“Tomorrow will never call to ask your opinion; you don't control it. Stop allowing today's possibilities to be robbed by tomorrow's insecurities.”
“Time is too short in this one life, to be able to do everything, but it definitely is long enough at least to be able to develop the will to do anything & everything...”
“In meetings philosophy might work,on the field practicality works.”
“The victory over our inner self is a daily struggle. Be strong and do not give up.”
“When you practice leadership,The evidence of quality of your leadership, Is known from the type of leaders that emerge out of your leadership”
“I acquired courage from the masterpieces of sages. I came of age by their instructions to keep going, even in hard times. Then I learnt not to despair, even when it seemed that my world is falling apart. I learnt to possess fortitude.”
“You can keep pondering on which thing to do first or which path to take or by simply taking action now of most any kind, you may just find yourself on the way to where you most needed to go.”
“When you start to accept responsibility for the results you get in life, you also take back the power to change your future outcome.”
“Let's always try to paint the truth ... our art must be made to mean something.”
“A man who has come to the full realization of his responsibility to men won't stick to one man. It will be foolhardy if he does that.”
“Be creative enough to dream, brave enough to try, persistent enough to succeed, and humble enough to thank those who helped you along the way.”
“The results of knowledge without application results in nothing at all. Do what you know better to do.”
“Perform your task and I shall know you. Perform your task and your genius shall befriend the more.”
“Failure does not connote that you achieved nothing. It denotes that you are on an adventure towards finding what will eventually advance you to the realization of your goals.”
“Just like waves in the ocean come and go, no challenge is permanent. Problems will come and go too. We must enjoy the Challenges just like we enjoy the Waves. - RVM.”
“With a decision and a defined purpose, you can begin work.”
“Maybe the secret to continued success is as simple as knowing that your past successes could be done so much better now.”
“Over the years, I've come to realize that determination makes one to punch above one's weight.”
“When a man begins to do that which is assigned to him, it becomes as if he is more endowed and favoured than his fellows.”
“En la vida se tienen pretextos o resultados. Hay quienes piensan que ambas cosas valen lo mismo.”
“Busca, descubre, innova, conoce, encuentra... y sigue buscando.”
“It’s been said that legends are those who shape change into greatness; shaping change is one of the hallmarks of genius.”
“Live! Don't just Exist!!! Don't drag through Life...Live each day as a Celebration.-RVM”
“That failure serves a purpose!”
“Be as successful as a Smith.”
“Wisdom comes from knowing the order of things...and you are the first order of your business.”
“RVM Thoughts for Today - "Things will happen.You can't stop them from happening, but you can control your reaction from making things worse . React Positively. Live Happily ”
“Problems are everywhere, so are Solutions. Unfortunately, we see more of the Problems than the Solutions.-RVM”
“Are you living in the moment?”
“If you have positive energy you will always attract positive outcomes.”
“Look for solutions, instead of being difficult; be more thoughtful, instead of allowing anger to burn you out. Look at things from a different perspective, embrace change, look out for opportunities and you will feel much more in control.”
“Are you seeking to be offended?”
“See it first in your mind, then become it.”
“Every time a champion makes a decision they have a chance to learn something new, regardless of the outcome.”
“Invest your energy in the things you can control.”
“What is an unconditional state?”
“A mind filled with negative thoughts makes you feel miserable and inadequate and will lead to failure after failure no matter how hard you try to succeed.”
“We cannot put off living until we are ready. The most salient characteristic of life is its coerciveness: it is always urgent, ‘here and now,’ without any postponement. Life is fired at us point-blank.”
“If humans can live for 100 years, why do companies die so young.”
“Lucky people will focus on what’s in front of them rather than scrabbling about for what they’re searching for.”
“Explore. Train your conscious mind and your subconscious mind to start working for you by getting those great powers to move in a new direction. Start creating your own good luck today.”
“Remember, if you don’t do anything – if you don’t change the way your mind works and direct your subconscious mind to create the life you want – then everything stays the same, nothing changes.”
“They don’t give Olympic medals out for talking a good game.”
“To think is good. To obsess is bad.”
“The challenge for you is to decide not what is important, but what is most important and then focus your attention on that.”
“Although you can’t go back in time and alter your natural level of potential, you can determine how much of that ability you tap into, exploit and develop for the future.”
“When you think a positive thought, you become positive.”
“The real beginning of influence comes as others sense you are being influenced by them--when they feel understood by you--that you have listened deeply and sincerely, and that you are open.”
“For many, lack of achievement is more a consequence of fear of taking a chance and getting uncomfortable.”
“The way forward is to stop pestering yourself for answers and let it, the creative part of your mind, come up with the solution when the time is right.”
“If you decide not to take action, you are going to fail, and even if you do take action, if you can’t keep up your motivation, you will simply end up back where you started.”
“These are the people who will encourage you to go after your dreams and will inspire you to succeed. Stick to them like a barnacle to a rock.”
“Success is virulent. Once you get the bug then it’s in you.”
“The people and successes in your life mirror your beliefs.”
“Tell me your thinking, and I’ll tell you what your life looks like.”
“To deliver your own personal maximum, you’ll realise there are no shortcuts; if you want to be a champion it is all about rolling your sleeves up and getting stuck in.”
“Trust in your own beliefs or succumb to the influence of others’.”
“We do not just go through life blindly,we create our own journey.Your faith has sculpted you into the human being you have become.”
“I can only strive for what is important”
“Тяжело бремя жизни": не прикидывайтесь такими неженками! Все мы выносливы, как вьючьные ослы.”
“PDA untuk mengurus masa”
“Jenifer always taught me that starting a job was one thing―—and admirable―—but that following through and completing―—well, that’s where the bravery is.”
“(The subjects of What Should I Do With The Rest Of My Life) "have convinced me that past failing can as easily prove preparatory as predictive. Age does not of itself limit on enable us. The choice is ours.”
“North Carolina has a monument to [Peter Francisco], and no one knows that. That's the kind of stuff that drives me.”
“It was in 2020 that I started posting my poetry online. The world was too lonely and scared then, and I wanted to see if my words could be of any help.”
“You can't control how you're loved. Otherwise you will only get the control and not the love.”
“Dušo,me mogu bove,ograničiti more.”
“Darling, buoys can't confine the sea.”
“A Leo is not after a status. A Leo is the status.”
“My passion shone through my words, captivating the reader’s attention and fostering a connection.”
“Identifying your motivation as a writer serves as a compass, guiding the creative journey with purpose and clarity.”
“Don't let the past determine the present moment because it has no power over it.”
“Life calls us to where we need to be, and not where we want to be. It's that simple.”
“Do not be petrified while looking behind; burn all the bridges! The only correct path is always, ever forward.”
“Life Is Meant To Realize Yourself as a Divine Being.”
“You doubt your value. Do not run from who you are.”
“No one can teach you the better than adversity.”
“First, you have to push people’s boundaries and not feel bad about it. No one is going to give you anything if you don’t ask for it.”
“What I've realised is that each event in our lives brings us closer to who we're supposed to be and to what we're supposed to do.”
“Understanding why things happen the way that they do makes you better prepared to face them.”
“The words of the Qur’an are omnipresent—yet its spirit lies dormant.”
“The critics...have it backward: The Qur’an is not the source of the Muslim world’s problems, but its untapped solution.”
“The Qur’an was not a book per se or any other kind of physical object, but rather an unfolding experience—its own unique category of living being.”
“The words of the Qur’an are omnipresent—yet its spirit lies dormant,”
“Winter is coming! Follow these rules for a disciplined mind and positive changes.”
“Success is not a food to be consumed by all, but for those who can pay the price, bear the risk, and dare the unbearable challenges; those who dare to surmount staring obstacles.”
“Question asked with a matching answer, help to light your path in life, as you light up your path, you have lightened the world; which is your contribution to humanity.”
“Every challenge in life is an opportunity to polish your skills.”
“Inside each of us is untapped potential just waiting to be discovered. But first, you need to replace those negative voices in your head with uplifting messages of self-belief.”
“If you’re moving forward, move on. If you’re not, make a move.”
“ADHD is a challenge, not a curse. Find your strengths and let them shine.”
“Your mind is a garden filled with beautiful ideas. Make time to nurture them.”
“Progress, not perfection. Take small steps forward each day.”
“You are more than your ADHD. Believe in your talents and abilities.”
“Be patient and gentle with yourself. Some days will be tougher than others.”
“Fear and failure are inevitable in life, but those who face them with courage and perseverance transform their lives and inspire others with their actions.”
“I must always write this way. I must always feel – and deeply.”
“Your days are numbered. Change your ways before it’s too late.”
“I never realised power of x for a function f(x) when I was in school.”
“I never realised power of x of function f(x) when I was in school.”
“Education provides the key, but it's your responsibility to unlock the door to your career”
“Nothing enriches our life more than the moments we share with our family. They inspire us to work harder and dream bigger every day.”
“But you know... This was actually fun while it lasted. Humans, Jujutsu Sorcerers, Cursed Spirits... You're not bad compared to those I fought over the last thousand years. Stand proud. You're strong.”
“To lead, you need to be equipped, to be equipped entails being passionate about a specific idea.”
“Whether they're superior or inferior, older brothers are role models for their younger brothers. If the older brother takes the wrong path, the younger brothers can avoid it. And if I take the right path, my little brothers can follow behind.”
“You asked why I'm tough. I'll tell you. It's because I didn't have someone to guide me, so I kept making mistakes. Nonetheless, I must walk ahead of my little brothers. That's why I'm strong.”
“Sorry, but you didn't love your brothers... And I can't understand that.”
“If all your weekends are the same, that means you're not collecting experiences.”
“Kadar imaš polno rit vsega, ni noben stol dovolj udoben.”
“Negative and positive energy thrives; the different area we channel our energy is the issue and not the energy itself.”
“I am not happy because I have it ALL. I am happy because I have ALL that some don't have.”
“Pay no attention to the rules – be anarchic. My definition of anarchy is 'do what you want but don't hurt anyone in the doing’.”
“Dreams are nothing if not acted upon and turned into reality.”
“From the ability to fail. Not a conscious fear of failure, just terror of everyday life.”
“Search out the pretensions, the rubbish, the gloss, the whitewash, the emulsions of life covering the real feeling, real examination, real creativity”
“So begins a new process designed to wake up your creative impulse.”
“Don't lead a life consumed by triviality. Let others do that.”
“Keep fixed on the important things like love, loving and being loved.”
“Give service and meditate if you can.”
“Only develop friendships with people you admire. I admired people who broke the rules when the rules made no sense!”
“Above all, surround yourself with friends who make you laugh, especially if you live with them. When they no longer make you laugh, throw them out and recycle them.”
“Contribute. Be bold!”
“We are never fucking brave enough.”
“If you want to be happy, try never to be negative. As a plan, it is unproductive and does not work.”
“Life from the other end.”
“Live by your own conventions.”
“More symptoms of what my inner engine reveals – nothing ordered, nothing built on logic.”
“The great beauty in the English language, innumerable ways of continuing the graphic with explosive, the lyrical, the loving with the spiritual – like dogs nuzzling, cleaning, co-piloting thoughts into the ether of creativity.”
“The smug grin of a thought well described, the laughter as others connect with the thought well received, a light of recognition, a delight of recognition switched on, triggered by words.”
“It is as much about input – the conversation of imaginative men (women and children not excluded) has a rhythm, a phrase that follows a thought and precedes the development of further thought ... try not to be a cunt.”
“Dare to live completely. I dare you.”
“Words are very good, but it is actions going forward that count!”
“A running theme. There are no rules.”
“There was a running theme through my friendships, and it was that of anarchy. I just loved people who were clear and definite in the proposition of life.”
“What do you want to do with your life?”
“Be the change, then lead the change.”
“Above all, leaders are talent coordinators. Find the talent, foster talent and fit the individual talent to create a dynamic team”
“If you’re not going to go down fighting, then you don’t deserve to be here.”
“There is nothing impossible to they who will try.”
“The amount and the way I love myself is my superpower.”
“When God opens that door of opportunity, run through it full speed.”
“It is often the seemingly least significant details of each day that turn out to shape our most life-altering events.”
“Never write people off. Surprisingly, it could be your worst enemy that saves your life.”
“Just one small positive thought in the morning can change your whole day.”
“Let's bend this voices beyond around us and choose to be brave!”
“I hope that your problems are fewer and less painful than mine.”
“When you see something wrong happening in the world, you can do nothing about it, or you can do something about it.”
“It’s hard, until it’s not.”
“Under the spotlight, of the streetlightsThat wait for me to shine Over the moonlight, it feels so rightI'm poetry in motionIt's part of my devotionI play with all emotion Under the spotlight, of the streetlights”
“Running after my own dreamsTripping over my own feetHeld on to my self esteemWalking to my own loud beatSo stand tall or take a seat”
“A warrior sharpens his blade even in times of peace.”
“A full heart can enrich your life in ways that a full wallet cannot. Money can only satisfy your needs, but love can fulfill your desires. Love is the true wealth that money cannot buy.”
“Sometimes you aren’t meant to worry about the 'how'. Instead, you are being called to focus on taking things step-by-step. One foot in front of the other. It’s all coming together.”
“Take care of your gut. This will help with your intuition.”
“Sometimes you have to place your pride and fear to the side, and courageously ask for an opportunity. But make sure you’re 100% prepared if they say ‘yes’.”
“Never miss an opportunity to incorporate learning into life.”
“Once to live, once to die; while you're living, live a memorable life.”
“A dream is like a child, it should be conceived, cared for, birthed, nurtured, and tender till it grows to become giant”
“A successful man is the one who does more of all he does in other to service humanity”
“The bank of knowledge is a sure bank of success; for it can birth any imagined good endeavor.”
“Maintain an undying relationship with God and enjoy all of His benefits; do not run to Him only when you feel you need Him; you may be disappointed.”
“Snap from the danger of your comfort zone; to enable you to become who you are meant to be.”
“I will reach out to the world from the corner of my little space and no devil can stop me from fulfilling this purpose.”
“When you hide from responsibilities, you hide from greatness and you hide from progress”
“The discovery of our calling is a great task; a task that is worth all of our efforts”
“Lazy people do a little work and think they should be winning. Winners work as hard as possible and still worry that they are being lazy.”
“It's true that jealousy is a desease. So instead of shaming those who suffer from it, please wish them a speedy recovery.”
“By being kind, you have already begun your journey to the self.”
“I'm in the mood to study and absorb all of the knowledge that I can right now.”
“If it doesn’t excite me, I do not pursue it.”
“The greatest support you can get from a well-wisher is one question, “do you THINK you can do it"?”
“Intellectual product is the most creative of all products but appreciated by a few who are in the control of the majority that are mentally lazy.”
“A lazy hand cannot smell true success, no matter his level of faith, hope, and or aspiration.”
“Popularity is no guarantee of truth and human flattery does not bring God’s approval.”
“When you are not purpose-driven, anything goes, a purpose-driven man is almost a one-way jacketed man.”
“Maturity in any relationship makes the practice of love comfortable.”
“Reading will give you happiness, happiness will lighten up your face, and lightened face will attract favor.”
“The higher you fly; the higher they look up to you, fly up for their sake.”
“No one ever gets anywhere by being mentally weak.”
“History is written by the winners; strife to be one at all legitimate cost possible.”
“One piece of revelation can turn a man into a success story.”
“The things that pertain to your destiny are bought with time; the way you spend your time determines what you become.”
“Failure should not be a giving up point, it should give room for a restructured process”
“One of the origins of poverty is lack of respect for time.”
“Float your desire and don’t let it sink”
“Motivate yourself by practicing positive self discipline. Without self discipline, there is no self motivation.”
“Crave for transcending or else it will become compulsive.”
“On the road to your life purpose, you will hit bumps and potholes along the way. So buckle up, grip the wheel with both hands and keep your foot on the gas! Enjoy the ride.”
“Everything that is due to me is going to be given to me.”
“Create something out of nothing. You are a vessel and your vessel is important. But if you don’t treat it like it’s important, then you’re not gonna have what it is you want to have. You’ll always be so close but no cigar.”
“Don't wait for somebody to give you something. You're strong. You're intelligent. Go out and earn it and work for it.”
“Acknowledge that it will require blood, sweat, and tears. Many people will tell you to only work smart. But the reality is that you have to work hard, smart, and long.”
“The more you sweat in practice, the less you bleed in battle.”
“What does it really take to make a difference in the world? In a word, focus. Relentless focus.”
“Liminal space is the norm on the path of a spiritual entrepreneur because the nature of doing something tangible in the world, while maintaining a spiritual focus, requires constant transformation.”
“Despite the despair and suffering still on our planet, humanity is moving toward unity, justice, love, and peace.”
“Spiritual entrepreneurship is a collective community working together to expand love.”
“Who could you be if you didn’t know who you were?”
“Since love is the fundamental energy of the universe, aiming to expand love grows us—not just ourselves personally, but everyone and everything around us.”
“We can’t rely on our own limited vision but must seek to see through heaven’s eyes.”
“Learning to read and write is like sailing on a sea of knowledge, where every wave is a new opportunity and every shore is a new achievement. Happy International Literacy Day”
“Every enemy can be beaten. All you need is the right team at your back.”
“The wrong people will only bring you only sorrow and grief. Good people will give you joy and comfort. Choose wisely whom you come close to, and whom you let go.”
“In the light of your success, they see you. In the shadows of your struggle, you see them.”
“So in life, sometimes we have to stay alone, but never give up our path to glory.”
“Failure can have a certain grandeur that success never knows.”
“some people live for themselves, good people live for others, successful people live for the present and others to come.”
“Embrace who you areand blossom as you are.”
“And once you realise that you've been me and I have been you, you'd be more understanding.”
“Being in a toxic relationship is a drug, and it needs to be treated like any other drug.”
“I kissed your fist, and now you're healed.”
“The more you try, the more you learn. The more you learn, the more you grow. The more you grow, the closer you get to your destination. Don't let failure stop you from trying again.”
“Education is the key to unlock the doors of opportunity and prosperity. It elevates your mind and your income, allowing you to use your brain instead of your brawn, and enjoy the benefits of time and self-improvement”
“Being alone, helps you, find you.”
“Put into the world the beauty of being yourself and the healthy energy you bring.”
“Today’s work is the key to tomorrow’s happiness. Yesterday’s regret is the lock to today’s potential.”
“Personal growth happens when you transform your potential into action.”
“We find total peace when we accept that, due to our karma, we deserve the good and the bad that is happening in our lives.”
“Walk the walk that you guarantee about it in order to be bold.”
“Healthy food that you feed your spirit, mind and body keep you long enough to reach your destination.”
“Every Thick woman say yes on solid and balance shoes sole for a firm legs.”
“Mm.. I see you wondering how to take good care of your feet. Walk the journey that you’ll never regret.”
“Continue on doing pedicures detox and treatment as you see it on my blogs out there don’t forget to do manicures on your short hands nails as well that will be extremely gorgeous”
“Knowledge saves.”
“Once, I was flying as usual.Some people called me ill.I, too, for a while, Believed them...Then I saw,Their sophisticated cage!”
“It is not about hate,It is about Time....”
“The Masterpiece?Head down, she obeys...Her mind, a virgin canvas,World paints its own strokes.”
“Milo's Way- A HaikuStrength sought in small steps,Like Milo's calf on shoulders,Grow with steady will.”
“BLACK SHEEP - A HAIKUMidst a starlit dance,The moon emerges alone,Thus she steals the show.”
“Well-being is a skill that we can develop with practice, preferably done in the morning to maximize effect throughout the day.”
“Small acts of kindness and love rippled out and had more of an impact than they ever could have imagined.”
“Thank you for believing that all humans have intrinsic value and that our job has society is to ensure that all are empowered and have enough.”
“Can we measure love? Or connection? Or beauty? Or the feeling of being alive?”
“But there is value in telling a story from the perspective of the mundane, from the real perspective that many of us are in for most of our lives.”
“They say when you put language to something, it creates meaning. Language creates the ability for someone to communicate and explore an idea more fully in a way that is not possible without language.”
“Enoughness isn’t necessarily about getting rich; it’s about the idea that God provides for our needs, and it is our responsibility to share with those who don’t have enough any abundance God has blessed us with.”
“External failure has no real correlation to spiritual failure. For a spiritual entrepreneur, external failure is often essential for spiritual success.”
“Understanding who we are, how God created us, how we grow, and how we give those gifts back to others is core work of the spiritual entrepreneur.”
“There are as many unique paths to self-knowledge as there are souls in the universe. Therefore, one-sized advice can never fit all. One path cannot be judged by another path, and we must struggle to find our own way with God.”
“It is my hope that entrepreneurship can become a spiritual path for many who feel called but don’t believe they were worthy or haven’t been able to find the capital to make it happen.”
“The collective action of spiritual entrepreneurs and their allies can contribute to creating a world that feels like heaven on earth.”
“A one-size-fits-all approach is no longer an option for humanity. The world is too diverse, vast, and expansive, so we should expect spiritual entrepreneurship to come in all shapes and sizes.”
“Inherent in this new type of distribution of wealth is trust that providing more freedom to humans ultimately drives positive innovation and growth.”
“The rise of spiritual entrepreneurship will bring massive innovation to solving the world’s most pressing problems in unique ways.”
“Freedom is essential for any system to work, and love is the foundation for freedom.”
“Hello read and buy this book is always ready to contribute a great impact in your life.”
“Sustainable living is the key to unlocking a harmonious coexistence between humanity and the environment.”
“The choices we make today will either haunt or empower the future; let wisdom guide our actions for the sake of our planet.”
“Every small step we take towards environmental conservation paves the way for a brighter, greener tomorrow.”
“The clock is ticking, urging us to unite and work hand in hand to safeguard our environment and secure a flourishing future.”
“A sustainable future is not an option; it is an imperative if we wish to inherit a world worth living in.”
“The battle for a greener future begins within each individual, through conscious choices made daily.”
“Nature offers us a limitless source of inspiration and resources; it is our duty to protect and preserve them for the generations to come.”
“Let us strive to be the change-makers who steer our planet towards a sustainable future, where both humanity and nature thrive.”
“Rather than seeing each departure as permanent goodbyes, treat them as natural farewells.”
“One special gift that is often overlooked is the spirit of persistence.”
“Don't be one of those people who hates their life but doesn't have the courage to change it.”
“The winds of change whisper that tomorrow holds wonders we cannot yet conceive.”
“History flows through us. We need only gaze inward to glimpse the future's unwritten pages.”
“The future is a feast prepared from the fruits of today's labor.”
“Each sunrise offers a new canvas, blank and brimming with potential.”
“Every inventive dream conjured today illuminates the possible pathways of tomorrow.”
“Strong people are the ones who can smile for others’ happiness.”
“The support of others can get you to the top, but you still you have to develop your strength, by growing your own roots so that you can keep yourself there, even when they stop watering you.”
“The support of others can get you to the top, but you still have to develop your strength, by growing your own roots so that you can keep yourself there, even when they stop watering you.”
“We have every opportunity to lead our lives beyond mediocrity when infused by a greater purpose than our own.Persist.Persist.Persist—with the greatest good at heart.”
“Seek the solution for a problem, not the problem again”
“The more you focus on others' flaws, the more you lose sight of your own strengths.The more you focus on your own strengths, the more likely you are to inspire others to do the same.”
“Why doubt yourself due to the mere opinions of fellow humans who, also, by nature, doubt themselves?”
“A rich person who hates the poor should not forget that they are the creations of same creator who made him rich.”
“Life is not about finding someone beautiful, it is about finding someone who makes your life beautiful.”
“No one motivates like a mentor.”
“Take a moment to reflect on all that you have overcome, all the times you thought you couldn't go on but found the strength to keep moving forward.”
“Choose any sport or entertainment that stimulates your mind and body. At least, commit to one.”
“Don't play to compete. Play to have fun.”
“The best time to save our environment and secure our future is today, for tomorrow may be too late.”
“Our planet's beauty lies in its diversity; let us protect it so that future generations can experience its wonders.”
“Inspiration is the fuel, and language is the spark that sets the fire of creativity ablaze.”
“Language is not just a tool; it's a bridge that connects hearts, minds, and the boundless realms of inspiration.”
“With every word we speak, we have the power to ignite a flame of inspiration in someone's heart and change their world forever.”
“Language is the compass that guides us to the treasures of inspiration, leading us through uncharted territories of ideas and dreams.”
“Let your words be the gentle breeze that carries inspiration to those who need it most, igniting a ripple effect of creativity and growth.”
“Life is a journey of endless opportunities for growth and self-discovery.”
“Learning is the key to personal and professional success. Embrace it.”
“Find inspiration within yourself to overcome challenges.”
“Embrace the unknown and let life's unpredictability lead you to extraordinary experiences.”
“Each day is an opportunity to learn something new. Keep an open mind.”
“Inspiration surrounds us in nature, art, kindness, and within ourselves.”
“Failures are valuable lessons on the path to success. Embrace and learn from them.”
“Step out of your comfort zone and take risks for true growth and transformation.”
“Your dreams have no expiration date. Chase them relentlessly, believe in yourself, and watch as they become your reality.”
“In the pursuit of knowledge, remember that learning is a lifelong journey. Seek wisdom with humility and a thirst for understanding.”
“Embrace the unfolding path of adventure, for it is in those moments that life unveils its true magic.”
“Let go of fear and allow curiosity to be your compass, guiding you towards extraordinary adventures.”
“In the realm of adventure, limitations cease to exist, and the possibilities become boundless.”
“Dive into the ocean of adventure, and you'll discover treasures within yourself that you never knew existed.”
“We say "later", "later", until "later" becomes "too late" and all we can think of is "if only".”
“If they call you a dreamer, ignore them and keep dreaming. I know of a lad who was called that — he went on to become a governor of Egypt.”
“Sometimes you gotta embrace the chaos in your life in order to find the peace in it, ya know?”
“A mistake that makes you humble is better than an achievement that makes you arrogant.”
“Preserving nature is not a choice; it is our responsibility towards the future we envision.”
“In the face of environmental challenges, innovation becomes our greatest ally in shaping a sustainable future.”
“The legacy we leave behind is not measured by our wealth but by how well we have nurtured and protected our environment.”
“A thriving future demands that we prioritize sustainability and embrace eco-friendly practices in every aspect of our lives.”
“Let us weave the threads of conservation into the fabric of our society, ensuring a strong foundation for the future.”
“Goals are for winners - dreams are for losers.”
“Problems are not so big which we think.”
“When hope disappears, depression sets in.”
“More darkness make more visibility of light. Similarly in group of bad people small positive step will glow and shine.”
“Wrong key never open the lock similarly wrong path will never help to get right destination..”
“Bad company will destroy you. For eg. Mercury destroy gold.”
“Every decision is ultimately a guess, some better than others.”
“If we knew what we do not know, then we most probably would not fear it.”
“Making decisions is the only antidote to decision avoidance.”
“Fear is your friend, your sous chef, your co-pilot -- embrace it!”
“Wheareas courage allows us to look at our fears, confidence allows us to walk through them even when we're scared.”
“We must endure what we ought to experience.”
“Still trust in God, even if the going gets tough.”
“How long are you going to keep watching others live their dreams without going after your own?”
“Believe in yourself and you'll be unstoppable, for within you lies infinite potential.”
“Challenges are not roadblocks; they are opportunities to discover your true strength.”
“Embrace the present moment, for it holds the power to shape your future.”
“Success is not measured by wealth or fame, but by the positive impact you make on others.”
“Don't wait for the perfect moment; create it through persistent action and unwavering determination.”
“In the face of adversity, remember that every setback is a setup for a comeback.”
“Your dreams are the compass guiding you towards a life of purpose and fulfillment.”
“The greatest risk in life is not taking any risks at all. Step outside your comfort zone and watch yourself soar.”
“Failure is not the end; it is merely a stepping stone on the path to success.”
“You possess the power to rewrite your story, so dare to dream big and write a narrative worth sharing.”
“Language has the power to weave inspiration into the fabric of our souls, painting vibrant pictures in our minds.”
“Like an orchestra of words, let your language serenade the world with inspiring melodies of wisdom and creativity.”
“Inspiration dances on the tip of your tongue, waiting to leap into existence through the magic of language.”
“Language is the key that unlocks the door to inspiration, allowing us to explore the limitless depths of imagination.”
“In a world where words are brushstrokes, let your language create masterpieces that inspire hearts and ignite minds.”
“Don’t ever be afraid to promote yourself and your work. Be proud of your creations and emit that bountiful type of energy to the world. You will ultimately get it back in different forms.”
“If you take everything to heart, happiness will deviate from your path.”
“Be so good they can't ignore you”
“be the change you want to see in the world”
“All existing paths have a creator. Be the creator of your own path.”
“I do not follow any tradition. I may stand at the beginning of one.”
“When you can't tolerate.. Then should skip immediately”
“No any glue can join broken heart..”
“Avoid is the only thing which helps to regain yourselves”
“If you unable to do then avoid...”
“Its better to choose another path rather than stop journey.”
“Forgiveness provide you strengthWord Sorry make you calm”
“Forget what you have done, Do what is right, Think what you plan.”
“Don't trust on anyone except yourselves”
“Thr Maker made all men.”
“At the end of the day, no religion, no border, no philosophy can separate all of us. We are humans!”
“If you have nothing to give. Then give smile”
“Broken from inside. Cant be joined from outside.”
“While destination see far away, Then see in telescope and keep moving”
“The best way to reply is to make them defeated”
“While you give your best, then you can't be regerected after being failed.”
“Morning is when you wake up....”
“You will be continuous growing ,while you start blaming yourselves..”
“Don't give example.. Make yourselves as an example..”
“You can't get first untill learn failures...”
“If a person have an inability.. Then will have a super specialty..”
“Be light, to get fly..”
“When you don't win... You have option to break record of winner in next attempt..”
“Overthinking may make you mad or genius..”
“You're not everything you could be, and you know it.”
“Anxiety and depression cannot be easily treated if the sufferer has unpredictable daily routines.”
“If you are not willing to be a fool, you can’t become a master.”
“The way that you make people resilient is by voluntarily exposing them to things that they are afraid of and that makes them uncomfortable.”
“If someone insults you, just chalk it up to them being at a lost for words.”
“The person that you are today is a direct consequence of the cumulative choices that you have made over the course of your life.”
“Every day is a blank canvas just waiting for you to paint into it beautiful experiences and positive energy.”
“In a world chasing trends, find solace in the everlasting embrace of authenticity and pure happiness.”
“If you have less and that [less] is good for you, It's is way better than the (more) you have but actually you don't.”
“It's better to ask a stupid question than to make a stupid assumption.”
“The freighting thing about pursuing the truth is that all the lies that you’ve been surrounded with first must fall.”
“Change might be opportunity, instead of disaster.”
“To learn is to die voluntarily and be born again, in great ways and small”
“Self-love is the only antidote to the chaos of existence. And if you don’t love and care for yourself and your own needs, you will cause unnecessary suffering both for yourself and others.”
“It’s better to do something badly than to not do it at all.”
“The successful among us delay gratification and bargain with the future.”
“Det är nu som gäller”
“My body is a sacred temple. I treat it with love, kindness, nourishment, and respect.”
“A dumb idea isn't dumb if it works so you might as well just try it out”
“People call me a redneck engineer because I make things that they say barely work, but I see it as finding unorthodox ways of getting things to work as I need them to”
“shit´s already broken so you might as well just try to fix it, and if you can´t at least know you know how to take it apart”
“There's always going to be someone better than you at something, but remember that for someone Else, you might be the person that is better than them”
“It's not breaking the rules What I find makes fun. It is However outsmarting the system and finding a way around it that brings me joy and satisfaction”
“Shit´s already broken, so you might as well just try to fix it, and if you can´t, at least now you know how to take it apart”
“Those who wish to readalways find a book,there’ll new chapters, new pagesand new journey to embark on.”
“Leadership is all about making things to move forward, not backward.”
“The passion and excitement that I get from life, when immersed in studying something weird or unconventional, is amazing. It feels as though I’ve found a new toy to play with.”
“Have you made a practical plan for your dreams yet?”
“Yoga is my saving grace.”
“I am my own person, and I will not set fire to myself to keep you warm.”
“Anything anyone says about me is invalid and not approved by me. Only what I say about myself is true.”
“যে বিজ্ঞান স্রষ্টার তৈরি প্রকৃতির সব রহস্য ভেদ করতে অক্ষম, তাকে বাটখারা বানিয়ে সেই প্রকৃতির স্রষ্টাকে জাস্টিফাই করাটা কি নিছক ছেলে মানুষি নয়?”
“Carry on, carry on.”
“Energy is the most penetrative force, focus on the main thing and you will climb Everest without a breathing mask.”
“It doesn't matter what happens to you on earth, just look in the sky, and look at the stars. Go deep into the galaxy, and dream.”
“Silk threads of reflection spin from the mind entombing uncertainty; but soon you’ll emerge from your chrysalis of doubt spreading wings and sharing your beauty.”
“The voices ring out for us to take sides, and define who we ought to be, but imagine we’re music and all of our hearts sing together to bring harmony.”
“Think outside the box, then think outside that one.”
“Great things happen to those who have tremendous belief in their little dreams.”
“You are sanity, you are sentience,You are the lifeforce of destiny.You are conscience, you are concord,You are the end of animosity.”
“You are granted opportunity, through no effort of your own and that you therefore do not deserve, that has been granted to only a tiny fraction of those who have ever lived.”
“The fear of failing the Gods is still a fear, and fear is nothing but failure itself.”
“A true winner doesn't need alarms to wake up!”
“What students need to do, is “learn to think, learn to speak, learn to write, and find something that they are excited about. If they can do that, they’re going to do well.”
“Extend your hand to those who express Gratitude not Attitude.”
“There are no enemies, just hurting people.”
“Keep trying until you reach the thought of giving up, its only then that if you try a little more will you achieve success.”
“Think of thinking.”
“A determined heart is hard to beat.”
“Do it to perfection, or not at all.”
“Fate is like a disability, either blame it all the time or accept it and work around it.”
“When things around you are going south, north, east and west just accept it and work on the nearest destination.”
“Never get bitter, life is a medley of good and bad ingredients.”
“Find the game you like to play - not just to win but because it clicks with you differently.”
“Find what you love, find it for a long, and don’t settle until you find it. Find something you would love to fail in – because that’s where you will have the most chance (in each successive attempt) to make a big win.”
“You're either moving forward or standing still, and if you're standing still, you might as well be moving backwards.”
“To love is to be brave. To love is to operate in your natural state.”
“I'm sorry I have trust issues and it's a wise policy!”
“Everyone is free to say whatever they want. Now believe the lies. The only fact reliable is that everyone is free to say whatever they want. Human beings are created in a way that the brain thinks silently.”
“People try to prevail their own truth. And they use evil means. Theytorture, they threaten. What they impose as truth keeps them in power, but it is fascistic. When the truth is a strategy or a pattern is not genuine truth.”
“Unless humanity invents a device that can expose all the information in the world, there can be no justice, because no human can be a reliable source. Every human can be manipulated trough money, deceit, threats.”
“A faithful God gives hope to face unknown future.”
“Find what you love and go after it. Know where you would love to build your strength. Pursue what keeps you excited for longer than anyone else, for that’s the thing where you will start to have an added advantage over everyone else.”
“Why” precedes “How” in all places other than the dictionary. If your why is strong enough, you will figure out how in one way or another.”
“Stop dreaming and start doing!!!”
“Poetry Is Language Dancing.”
“You are a princess. All our subjects watch us, observe us and follow the example we set. So, our behaviour should always be exemplary, as several people look up to us.”
“Keep on working until it works.”
“The moment you learn not to quit, you’ve already achieved something.”
“Never give up on your goals or aspirations; approach them with a fighting spirit and determination to succeed.”
“No such thing as spare time, no such thing as free time. No such thing as down time. All you got is life time”
“Be careful where you spend your time. Be careful what you allow your soul to be exposed to. The difference is palpable. You have a choice, and if you don't, create one”
“She fell so many times that some of her friends decided that she and this whole tree climbing thing was a complete waste of time. ”She should give up, it's taken way too long”, said one friend.”
“Bukan semua salah itu adalah salah dan bukan semua betul itu adalah betul. kita takkan selalu salah dan akan disalahkan dan kita juga tak akan selalu betul dan kita boleh diperbetulkan”
“Inspiration is an attempt to solve a problem with an alternative solution if not better.”
“The wise person does not become involved in the multiplication of things, knowing that all phenomena are like a dream, an illusion, a bubble, and a shadow.”
“Don't argue with success. Be naked.”
“Problems are puzzles to be solved.”
“If you give up now, it won’t hurt anyone. By the same token... if you keep at it, it won’t hurt anyone either.”
“THE MOMENT YOU GIVE UP YOUR OWN TRUTH, YOU BECOME LIKE EVERYONE ELSE.”
“What is a game? (Marx said) It's tomorrow, and tomorrow, and tomorrow. It's the possibility of infinite rebirth, infinite redemption. The idea that if you keep playing, you could win. No loss is permanent, because nothing is permanent, ever.”
“Call me exparagus! From head to toe, toe to head, head to toe; take your time, don't ever rush. Why rush? Time is valuable. Respect your time. Y'know what I'm sayin'?”
“Women are the armour of thousands of lives that rise up and shield one another from the darkest wounds.”
“Purpose is our fuel.We constantly need to fill our tanks with this.”
“Every child born in Afghanistan is a child who comes into life a victim of war. And every parent too often puts those they love most to sleep with the uncertainty that one or all may not rise to the shards of peeping pink light again.”
“Somehow, we must let go of the past and remember it at the same time. We must embrace the reality that is, not the reality we want to be, and do what we can to be a helping hand.”
“We can pontificate all day about statistics and percentages and death tolls and displacement numbers, easily forgetting that numbers have names and names have faces. Each face has wrinkles that make up a map filled with tragedies to tell.”
“Little girls smile through their sadness, women weep, and hunger burns through the hollow lives of those who plead for someone, anyone, to listen to their misery.”
“Children still fly kites from high on the hilltop, shrieking in delight as the nylon floats off toward the sunshine as if it was the most magnificent thrill in the world. All I can think to say, hoping those small boys could hear me, is 'fly on.”
“The sounds of music have dimmed into a self-censored silence. We pause, we gaze for far too long at the markets from a broken window where Kabul's finest orchestras weeks ago were still learning to play. We linger, remembering what used to be.”
“In the end, it came down to tea and talking just as much as bullets and butchery.”
“Spend time with people who encourage you to grow, to explore new things, and who take joy in your successes.”
“The Maker makes it possible for us to move.”
“The endurance of the Moon pays the best result. The obscure moon by the cloud never stops the glory of the moon.”
“Very few people try to know themselver. And those who have been able to know themselves even a little. That peoples great. The whole world knows him.”
“Vengeance is mine saith my pen.”
“If the people around us are supportive, life becomes easy. If they’re toxic, life becomes hard. Easy or hard, life can change in a moment and that moment may come anytime. Change claws its way out, anyhow. Nothing is constant here.”
“Drumul învingătorului e înainte! Chiar dacă ar călca pe cadavre.”
“When things are in order, they're easier to deal with.”
“When you can leave the past behind you, the future vividly awaits”
“Being free of hesitation is the greatest feeling in the world. Detach it and take a bigger step.”
“Experiment with life by exploring and trying new things.”
“Seeing my book mentioned in different interviews and posts is an indescribable feeling. I’ll never take this love for granted.Whatever you’re creating right now, keep going. It is never too late.”
“It is OK not to be OK..It is ok to be tired, angry & sad..Then we reflect & decide to rise like a Phoenix!”
“Take the risk or lose the chance”
“Not All Dry Woods' Fate Is A Funance”
“Not All Dry Woods' Fate Is A Furnace”
“Don’t be anxious to move along with your wrinkles. They just indicate that you’ve reached the next level.”
“Svemir neće sve sam, moraš i ti malo.”
“Ako se danas ne boriš, sutra nemoj da plačeš.”
“Justice is a criminal circuit that rapes innocents with electricity framing them as guilty... Never take part in legal procedures! You do not need laws to be ethical! Only criminals need laws! To condemn innocents & break them invisibly!”
“Living From Your Art is POSSIBLE!!!”
“Do you know how they make the strongest sword? They hammer it flat then hold it to the fire.”
“It's funny, haha.Time consuming oil.”
“If there is a winner. he cannot become a winner. Only one who was once a loser can become a winner.”
“Seeing my book mentioned in various interviews and posts is an indescribable feeling. I’ll never take this love for granted.Whatever you’re creating right now, keep going. It’s never too late.”
“Your comfort zone isn't nourishing you anymore. What are you going to do about this?”
“Refuse to let yourself succumb to the irrelevant judgment of others, and do not let the fear of standing out from the crowd paralyze you into living a monotonous and average life.”
“If someone else can do it, why can't you?”
“They told me I can’t... They ignited my determination..”
“Don’t give away what you stand for.. It is who you are .. So do not lose yourself”
“If it makes you nervous, you’re doing it right.”
“If you fall, do not forger stay down. May you find inner strength to rise again.”
“May you find inner strength to rise up whenever you fall.”
“A man is created to fellowship with his Marker.”
“Sometimes all we need to do is simply remind ourselves of how good we have it right now and joy would naturally flow within us... Ingratitude is the result of forgetfulness.”
“If you have a destination in mind. Start taking minor steps everyday.Leaving too much distance to cover before the deadline will leave you grasping for breath and neither here nor there.”
“Adopting the right attitude can convert a negative stress into a positive one.”
“The Best Way to Predict Your Future is to .....Create It”
“Do not be afraid to start something new and be a beginner/student again.”
“May the Maker extend his mercies to all mankind.”
“Be so positive that negative people take a turn towards positivity!”
“Do not limit yourself to things that may lead you to successful path.The self-limiting beliefs will hinder you reaching to your goals. Think once!”
“Fitness is vital for sportsperson, I never take it for granted. My fitness mantra is healthy eating and daily exercise.”
“If you want success then you have to be a risk bearer in life, take that courageous step and go on until you achieve it.Go ahead!”
“Stress is a consequences of negative happenings or impact in life. But important is how to overcome it.”
“Success is no accident.... It is hard work, perseverance , learning, studying, sacrifice and most of all... love of what you are doing.... Tribute to the legend Pele”
“The best shield a girl or a woman can have is courage.”
“It's not important whether you lose or win, what is that you participate and play, one fine day your experience will make you win.”
“Believe in yourself that you can and you will! As there are no limits to what we as women can achieve.”
“Second chances are rare and comes with fortune.. thus use the first wisely.Think once!”
“Self-confidence will give you that success which no other way can help, it is the prime key. Look into the mirror, say- Yes! you canThink once!”
“Exude power when you should, not when you can !!”
“The road appears with the first step !!”
“Tiny changes. Remarkable results.”
“Not everyone’s opinion matters, Not everyone’s perceptions are equal.”
“It’s important to think of what it means to powerfully and successfully rise to challenges, and all that it requires: determination, clarity, and steering clear of victim mentality”
“Wrong assumptions occur from limited knowledge. A person should have a complete view before shaping an opinion about someone or something...”
“Your worth is not measured by your income level, job status, job title, productivity, popularity, or performance ratings.”
“It is very difficult and, in many cases, ultimately hopeless, to try to be kind to people who are unkind to you. But if you give it a try, it is not impossible and it is the noblest thing to do.”
“We humans don't regret on what we have done, we regret of how foolish we were.”
“You are the source of happiness.”
“Endings are overrated.”
“Do not be afraid to start something new and become a beginner/student again.”
“Humans must be skeptics in order to find truth. Because there is always something that lies beneath...”
“What you have now, it will have to be enough”
“Always believe in your dreams and never give up!”
“They make you as they are because it’s the only thing they know and then they tell you it’s your fault because they are jealous you are better than them. But the truth is it’s never your fault. It’s their fault”
“Doing the right things at the right timewill bring the right results.”
“Master the mind with meditations.”
“Let us leave no effort. let us give it our all we will chase our dreamlike mad men and mad women,who have the gall.”
“Everyday when I go to bed, it's my year end and when I wake up it's my new year”
“The moment today is a memory tomorrow.”
“Memories are more important to me.”
“Different kinds of people getting along can achieve wonderful things together.”
“Shoot your shot when it comes to your career. Don't be afraid of rejection. You have to move past that fear.”
“Aim higher. You're thinking too small.”
“Deepen your understanding of life, expand your knowledge, and open your mind up to the unknown. You are ready to receive the wisdom and personal growth that comes with this evolution.”
“If you can begin to see your life as a feedbackmechanism that is reflecting who you are, with the ultimate goal to help you live better and more fully. All of a sudden you realize it was never the world standing in your way but your own mind.”
“If you can begin to see your life as a feedback mechanism that is reflecting who you are, with the ultimate goal to help you live better and more fully. All of a sudden you realize it was never the world standing in your way but your own mind.”
“You are only right when your timing is right, but you are never right when your timing is not right, no matter how hard you struggle to get your timing right.”
“May the mighty one be merciful to all men.”
“Champions are men and women who refuses to fall back even in the midst of setbacks.”
“People oppose you when you uncomfort them... When you don't reciprocate their actions. Or when you point their guilt. They tell bad things about you exaggerating. You can tell more bad things about them but you don't do it... to be positive”
“I believeI can make itOn my ownThanks to my inherent tendencyTo do miraclesThe Waxing”
“You can pray wherever you are; God hears every prayer.”
“Seek what you cannot achieve, and you will find what you can.”
“Start believing in conspiracies, because those who have the power conspire, and they keep their power by having people not believing in conspiracies”
“Allow yourself the grace to change your mind, goals, and perspective whenever you feel called to.”
“Rejection is indeed projection.”
“Extremely complex individuals are not here to be understood. They are here to be felt on a profound level. Whether that's through their existence or their creations. That is something that they will have to come to terms with in their lifetime.”
“Between the pillars of the known and unknown, there are millions of perceptions.”
“Some people die today to live tomorrow.”
“People who don't know driving can only blow horns.”
“No leader can take the company forward if the company remains stuck in its past glories.”
“Our thoughts have the energy to light the candle and burn the hand. It all depends on how we handle them.”
“The best utilization of gas in your car is to move in the direction of your destination.”
“Success is always relative; in isolation, everyone is a winner.”
“It does not matter if we do not have an immediate answer. What matters is if we have the right question.”
“The outcome of a day with white spaces is far greater than a packed day extending to long working hours.”
“We do have the option to make use of our time more intelligently.”
“Every day you have the choice of how you want to start your day.”
“Busyness draws more emotional energy from our reserves than it fills back.”
“If the busiest person in the office is the CEO, it only means that either the leadership has failed to create evolving systems or the leadership itself has failed.”
“And to have a purpose, to be willing to die for a cause—was that the highest form of living?”
“I touched peaks impossible.”
“We are a shrine to our destiny. What we achieve depends on what we do”
“What makes you different is your golden ticket.”
“Just because you've presented yourself as this person for a large amount of time, doesn't mean that you have to remain that way. You have the freedom to completely transform in all ways.”
“You create and define your own reality. You have more choice than what you have been taught.”
“To whoever needs to hear this: It's never too late to change directions. Life isn't a linear path. So do not stifle your potential by staying in a lane that doesn't fit what you want for yourself anymore.”
“I am very aware of everything that I'm worthy of. Therefore I walk, talk, act, and emit that type of energy in my life. That is how you attract what you desire and what you're deserving of with ease.”
“Confidence will take you places you never thought was possible to reach.”
“Knowing when to let go, and actually doing it, is an essential skill that can be developed. However, it requires you to have a lot of trust in yourself.”
“Our independence lies on total dependent on Almighty God.”
“Don't be intimidated by your opponents, be driven by your own strength.”
“We must master ourselves unless we'd prefer to be mastered by someone or something else.”
“A restless mind makes for a ruffled pillow.”
“...prizes are nothing. My prize is my work.”
“It is amazing how the Powerful God provides.”
“Don't be too stubborn to change, change is law of life.”
“What motivates us? Challenge. What moves us? Challenge. What makes us better and stronger and more courageous? Challenge. Embrace the challenge, people!”
“Choose whether you'll approach life half-ass or kick-ass. There really is no in-between.”
“The time we spend here on earth is like a droplet in a pail of eternity. Yet that one droplet affects all the others in that bucket.”
“To be distracted by the agendas or opinions of others is to keep us at a distance from our dreams.”
“I want to mean something, to leave my mark, to rest in the assurance that people were better off having known me.”
“Maybe prayer isn't just SOMEthing we can do in certain situations. Maybe it's the BEST thing.”
“Don't stop until you get five-finger clarity on your values and beliefs.”
“Failure is a necessary step on the path toward success.”
“We must look within ourselves in order to look beyond ourselves.”
“The irresponsibility of others must not hinder us from doing what is right and good.”
“Naivety can lead to disillusionment. But disillusionment can lead to learning.”
“Things aren't always as they appear. We must realize the bigger picture.”
“When we get comfortable, we stop growing. When we stop growing, we start dying.”
“Don’t allow your mind to tell your heart what to do. The mind gives up easily.”
“It is far better to fail while trying new things than to succeed doing nothing.”
“Someone you know may tell you "Why are you stressing out about it? My situation is worse". But really, the truth is that everyone has their own struggles. Struggles are not something that can be compared.”
“If love does not arrive, sing and dance with melodies by your side.”
“If love is a city, to enter it, you must pass through the gates of dance.”
“This night is young, made of many stars, and unravels destiny only when you dance.”
“The choreography of life makes us fall, only to teach us to rise through dance once more.”
“Release yourself from this static state, and dance without end when the melody plays.”
“It lightens the mood when you start to dance; it’s not about the feet, but what moves beneath.”
“In the storm of dreams, lightning feet, and thunderous heartbeats begin to dance.”
“Feel the feeling not felt before, express and allow it to come forth when dance is your mentor.”
“Divided was man, but the thread of dance united us as one truth.”
“Beautiful is this choreography of celestial entities dancing on the wings of cosmic melodies.”
“Hold on; carry on; troubles shall disappear when you dance to your favorite tune.”
“A person who knows dance understands life.”
“Dance overwhelms you, as though an entire world moves within you.”
“Excitement spreads beneath when you lock your feet to the dancing beat,”
“Freedom will be within grasp when you take a chance and dance.”
“Dance elevates the calm and drowns the chaos.”
“Why be shy? Even if the audience does not applaud, dance your heart out?”
“Whether young or old, novice or pro, in the realm of dance, all are equals.”
“Every celebration of life begins and ends with a dance.”
“What else ignites the blaze of miracles but the flame of dance?”
“Only a dancer can sway the silk of her hair like the summer breeze.”
“The world seems void of silence whenever footsteps are deprived of dancing shoes.”
“Imagination comes alive when skates scar the ice to tell fairy tales.”
“To love dance is to learn how to live life.”
“The sensation of dance guides and heals, and magnifies what you feel.”
“When a heart breaks, the ointment of dance heals all the pain.”
“Stay close, don't go far, hold hands as dance heals all the scars.”
“Feel the energy and rapture of dance as it heals the fallen and saves the lost.”
“With movements of dance, every uncertainty receives clarity.”
“Embrace the feeling of healing as you dance.”
“The worst enemy is the friend who is working in friendship to cheat you, the best friend is the friend who shows your faults to change you.”
“A man should seek mercy only from his Maker.”
“What you should be, you shall be.”
“Evil can be transmuted into tragedy, loss into gain, temporality into deathlessness, by creating beauty.”
“Can there be one best way to tend a garden, one best way to love, one truest cause for love? No. It equates free will with submission.”
“The simple ineluctable truth is that desire has no bearing on our duties.”
“Does Ebui dream of a private grave? People in fancy dress eulogizing, laying down their offerings. Or does she dream past the frontier, a quicksilver cavern to adorn forever?”
“Yes, my path was a rocky one, but now I can look down on it from the hill with a smile—that is the ether to fill you.”
“Really, it's newsletters and direct followings that are always the main determinant for winning anyway.”
“Great entrepreneurs are the jack of all trades, master of some.”
“Solitude is not loneliness. Instead, they are loving cousins that can both learn from one another.”
“The Maker is always merciful.”
“Never compromise, but improvise; at this stage of life, showcase your dance.”
“Beautiful are dance styles, like counting the eternal, limitless stars.”
“To shift, drift, and move, most glorious, is the blessing of dance.”
“Freedom will finally be within grasp when you experience heaven on earth with a dance.”
“Dance with an energy that makes mountains move to your choreography.”
“All possibilities remain within grasp when you dance upon the stage of life.”
“Create some commotion, like ripples in the ocean, shoeless or clueless, dance the dance of life.”
“On the verge of tears or about to break down, dance will rescue you from frowns.”
“Sleeping or awake, in reality, or the land of dreams, across realms, everywhere is the gossip of dance.”
“Immense and intense is the reach of dance, moving souls with its majestic trance.”
“When words are less through dance, we express the emotions hidden within.”
“Dance is the language that all souls speak, connecting them as one humanity.”
“Waste not a second of the day; count each blessing with dance and music.”
“No differences exist, as equals remain, the novice and the masters who practice the art of dance.”
“Those who practice it can’t get enough, whose expressions are countless; what else but dance?”
“If you have a broken heart or a sorrowful soul, dance will bring you joy once more.”
“Embody what you most want to impart, and keep your mouth shut.”
“No one can, or will, care more about your life than you do. So, it’s time to start acting like it.”
“Your capacity to say ‘No’ determines your capacity to say ‘Yes’ to greater things.”
“Success is not a number. It's about accomplishing your mission. Noah spent years building a boat that was only used once. Ignore the critiques. Build your boat!”
“Say no to everything until you arrive at a definitive yes!”
“The dream is as a light, if you do not convert into ambition, then there will be no mission”
“Brainstorming cannot be done until and unless an attitude becomes character”
“Genius doesn't wait for moments,they create it.”
“Motivation is like bacteria. Positivity is good motivation, rarely found, the good bacteria. Negativity, the bad one, found everywhere. Culture good one.”
“Don't be worrying about no wall. Your only concern is one brick." (Will's dad)”
“Without circumstances, there is no change.”
“Meditation is great motivation.”
“Intent is my precursor one half breath and I am realized. My goal is my full breath ~”
“Although it is not possible for everyone to be the best at everything, still the one who has the strong desire for it, that one is able to show the best that he has, but he should not forget to develop it in priority”
“Although it is not possible for everyone to be the best at everything, still the one who has the strong desire for it, is capable of showing the best that he has, but he should not forget to develop it as a priority”
“Do the work with due diligence.”
“No one can, or will, care more about your life than you do. So, it’s time to start acting like it.”
“Sometimes what seems like a destination is actually a bridge to a new chapter.”
“Just because you’re good at something, doesn’t mean you’re supposed to be doing it.”
“Though we may impress by sharing the best versions of ourselves, it’s only with sharing authentic stories that we truly can connect as human beings with others.”
“Your dreams have an expiration date if you don’t act on them.”
“Joy is like vapour. You can't save it for later.”
“Don't go by my wrinkles. They grew in years I did not.”
“I don't like answerable questions. They produce questionable answers.”
“Bravery without sword is like slavery without lord.”
“Jokes never exhaust, laughter does. Isn't that funny!”
“We can't see beauty. We have eyes!”
“Once you are left with no hope, it is hope you are left with.”
“I guess life is made of choices. We just make what seems to be the best decision at any given moment.”
“Life cannot be a fun ride for everyone.”
“Have you ever reached a truly quiet state of mind?”
“Even though my analysis is inconclusive, I decide to go with my gut on this one.”
“Life is a crash test.”
“Meaningless thoughts come at a price.”
“Though I’m curious as hell, I’m also afraid of what the answer might be.”
“SMILE! You are NOT on camera!”
“Sometimes what tortures us is in our own mind.”
“Say anything else with that accent, and you can take me wherever you want...”
“He makes a sharp maneuver, trying to hold my wrist for a better grip, but he fails.”
“I’ve had the whole world at my disposal,The seven wonders for my rehearsal,But that was not enough,It’s tough to describe you.”
“You do not bother to think about the past or the future. Now is what really matters.”
“Shouldn’t plans be constantly under review?”
“Democracy is not a shouting competition!”
“Sometimes, I witness moments of such outstanding beauty that I keep them to myself. Not as an act of greed. I— I just think my description would never do them justice.”
“Just be clear about your question, and I will give you the answer you are looking for.”
“Eventually, they shrug their shoulders and go away, back to minding their own lives.”
“It depends on whether you seek to live your own life or somebody else’s.”
“My eyes tremble while my lips fight to hold the words that i'm too afraid to say”
“Despite how hard I try to hide, my whole face gathers in a coup to let him know how much I fancy him.”
“Lucky for him, my lips are not smiling alone.”
“I hug him hard, trying to wordlessly ask for forgiveness.”
“When you are certain about your next moves, and aware of your surroundings, anxiety fades away.”
“I could steal words from my idol,Echo lyrics of a vinyl,But I have this feeling since we first met,That the right words haven’t been written yet.”
“He comes closer and embraces me, which soon turns into a lingering bear hug.”
“A crush for whom I’m saving my first kiss.”
“Making the news anchor resemble a puppet, if the puppeteer sucks at his job.”
“I will not blink. I will not be intimidated.”
“Inspiration is found in the unknown, what you discover there is up to you.”
“Just leave the bedroom and live your life!”
“OPTIMIZE YOUR MIND”
“I’ve been saving my thoughts for years, bound by the promise of a vast array of alternatives, only to find out my subservience is doomed to last forever, because my future is being forced to follow a path drawn by them.”
“EMBRACE THE NOW”
“They say my future is my choice, but it doesn’t feel like that.”
“Were you born to obey?”
“When life seems hard, the courageous do not lie down and accept defeat; instead, they are all the more determined to struggle for a better future.”
“You could have lived my life and I could have lived yours, because without knowing each other I can say that suffering very often shows a similar face when it decides to hit one of us.”
“The absent are always wrong and it is very convenient to lynch Satan in the public square in order to make him responsible for the dark parts of our souls!”
“An honest person never gets tired of helping others for a long time, but the same person feels tired at the very beginning of hurting others.”
“I am not choosing one of your paths, I am making one of my own.”
“Don't worry.' What is the point in worrying when there's nothing you can do?”
“By overcoming obstacles in practice, you make your learning perfect and by overcoming the hardships you experience in life, you become complete in your life.”
“If you stay humble and keep your humility embedded in your behavior then no circumstances can erode your core. You will keep on shining evermore.”
“The only thing we ever have less of is time." - Jill Reid | Discover Your Personal Truth”
“Don’t be afraid of failure because it prepares you for success!”
“What could be sillier than having an imaginary boyfriend?”
“I still have doubts about it, but I don’t want her to know.”
“Who decided being eighteen years old was the perfect time to make this kind of decision, anyway?”
“Even though we don’t speak the same language, at this moment, we understand each other.”
“I look at him and see confidence. Well, okay. First, I see muscles, then...”
“People don’t argue to find out the truth anymore. People will settle for winning momentary discussions, never minding the nuances within every topic they superficially defend with indomitable passion.”
“I guess every friendship has its ups and downs.”
“I try to curb my happiness, but a timid smile finds its way out still.”
“Time should never be killed, time must always be enjoyed.”
“We are not judged by what we do, but by what we are capable of doing.”
“Now that I found my destinyCan't be the endBefore the startSo I ignore what they sayAnd I listen to my heartAnd then I knowThat I'm enough”
“find a way or make your own”
“If you can dream without limits, you can soar to great heights. Let the magic of your imagination set you free.”
“Man are the afflictions of a righteous person but the LORD shall deliver him from them all.”
“My motivation; knowing the value of life makes me live to do my very best.”
“The goal of every great business leader should be to build products and services that they are proud of.”
“Like the moon of night in the sky, there is still a hope that shines in the darkness of life, even in many shimmering confusions.”
“Profit begins with passion.”
“By sharing your pain with others, you may give them the strength to abuse your wound, but by sharing your pain only with yourself, you gain the strength to overcome the situation”
“Choose someone who can love you not only during the day but also during your darkest nights, even when the sun and the moon resist sharing their light.”
“Opportunity is where preparation meets toil”
“You can only be yourself.”
“Viral Code...I want my dreamsAnd I want them now;Give me my dreams;Only dreams can cure me;Everyone deserves dreamsBecause no one deserves them”
“When all else fails, go hiking.”
“As my journey continues, I leave nothing good behind. I carry it all with me.”
“My focus is on progression, not perfection. My progression is already perfect -- unfolding as it should, when it should, according to divine alignment”
“Remember that there is always the sky that is above us and beyond us”
“The mercy of the Maker must be reflected upon every morning.”
“I was 29 years of age and that was the first time I had experienced true love. Even the love of a Father!”
“Treasure every moment as a miracle.”
“Chess does not only teach us to analyse the present situation, but it also enables us to think about the possibilities and consequences. This is the art of forward-thinking.”
“95% of your actions are habitual”
“Man is part of the mystery he tries to solve.”
“Nothing perishes... nothing dies.”
“The most beautiful things are unseen but can be felt.”
“The distance between dreams and reality is called Fate”
“Fly low and feed with the chickens or soar high and dance with the eagles.”
“In the house of the diligent, there will always be an abundance of food, but the sluggard will always beg for bread.”
“There is only one thing that makes a dream impossible to achieve: fear of failure.”
“usually the threat of death makes people a lot more aware of their lives”
“but this payment goes well beyond my generosity.""don't say that again. Life might be listening and give you less the next time.”
“Everything that happens once can never happen again. But everything that happens twice will surely happen the third time.”
“Two times in life you do not waste time arguing with someone: when you are wrong, and when you are right.”
“Freedom is free beyond a person's limit but it is better for him to free himself within his limits.”
“Repent, be refreshed.”
“There is no great teacher like God.”
“We're all capable of more, don't let anybody tell you otherwise. Keep chasing those dreams, through hard work you'll eventually catch them.”
“THE END OF FAILURE IS BETTER THAN WINNING”
“You know what's amazing? The fact that every day you probably make someone you don't even know smile.”
“You can stay stuck or go forward, but you can't go back. Don't let your fear of falling hold you back! You've got this!”
“My experiment about life is that what I was trying, with all my interest, now I am getting more or less success from that effort.”
“Happiness is not how many things you do, but how well you do them. More is not better. Happiness is not experiencing something else; it's continually experiencing what you already have in new and different ways.”
“Paradigm shift is for the mindful; but those who refuse to adopt to new ways of looking at things will always catch yesterday's train, flight or bus.”
“No wonder why we build our own cages and stay in them, even though there's no lock on the door.”
“The treasure of life should motivate you to do your very best.”
“Do your best to defeat the enemy inside you and you will find yourself wining the heart of your external enemy.”
“The clarity of purpose removes lots of nuances”
“One barn is better than seven half-baked loaves of bread. What matters most is how you finish rather than how you started.”
“It doesn't matter how hard you fall but how quickly you bounce back.”
“Belief that you can act is a powerful motivator. Belief that change can happen in a flash is an even stronger motivator.”
“Through our work and through getting what we need on our own, without depending on others, we can stand tall and realize our potential as humans.”
“No matter how crazy it may feel, I found that following my intuitive hunch is always my bestbet. When we are grounded, it will never steer us in the wrong direction. Acting as our guiding light and divine compass. So don't question it. Trust it.”
“I have the power I need to create the destiny that I desire. I am open to the Universe's abundance, and magic happens when I live in my eternal truth.”
“Beauty makeup artist not make you beautiful the thing is it add on how you look cause sometimes you wear it and become opposite direction instead of people looking you beautiful see different person in it.”
“Is there any god like our great glorious GOD.”
“Before you wake up, your seriousness that never lets you sleep peacefully, starts building up your strengths with your efforts after you wake up.”
“As flowers wither and fall, we all have setbacks and bad days, but trust the process and you'll start bearing fruit.”
“And here comes the battle between you and your thoughts,And you always lose miserably”
“Do not abort your mission because some don't support your mission”
“You will be prodded, pushed. Tested. You will be bumped up against the Great Wall of Uncertainty again and again-the question on the tongue of the universe always the same-who are you?”
“Every set back is a setup for a GREAT Come back”
“Remove the words “impossible” and “I can’t” from your vocabulary. These words have became too significant in your thought process. Remember that what can be conceived in the mind, can also be brought into reality.”
“Surround yourself with leaders who have their own thoughts and opinions. This is an incredible way to sharpen your mind, learn from diverse perspectives, and merge genius ideas.”
“Try not to fear what you do not understand. Be open and allow yourself to learn new things in life. Ignorance is truly NOT bliss.”
“No matter how crazy it may feel, I found thatfollowing my intuitive hunch is always my bestbet. When we are grounded, it will never steer us in the wrong direction. Acting as our guiding light and divine compass. So don't question it. Trust it.”
“Nothing in life is unattainable. Don't believe the naysayers. You are the author and illustrator of your book.”
“Every style can suit you if you know how to wear for it.”
“Color, type, and metirial doesn't matter babe you can Rock it with style.”
“When people reject you God welcome you, which you prefer?”
“Live life to live legacy, for other people to continue it and benefits.”
“Dress for your body type, to make fashion alive.”
“It not clothes that unfit you it you not doing it.”
“You the form of some style the thing you need is to search to find it.”
“It not that you bad person it because people they don't understand you and things you do make more confusion to them.”
“You can't change things you believe in through other people you can compromise to see what they put on the table and make a plan to meet with them half way till you certified with their deal.”
“Allow yourself to learn new things to be grow”
“Being your original help you on being hunted to reveal your reality try it.”
“Being original rescue you on being hunted to reveal your reality.”
“Now you've done it all,certified people with your life tell me your results what is your benefits?”
“Count your blessings one by one see how much as bible says to boost you.”
“Forgiveness not clear the air between you and your enermy only it healthier you physical and spiritual.”
“Welcome beautiful let me be your girl on being beautiful with you to make it perfect.”
“I know that your beautiful eyes with or not make up are designed to see beyond you think.”
“Oh I see you shine like a summer rose but it not make everyone turn with you,why?it not balance nced.”
“I'd you say bright make ups color boost you tell me in what? unrespect or being pushy to others ,it not designed for that gal.”
“No matter how glossy your lips is what I say is it can kill or make someone live either you or someone else better watch it that what bible says.”
“Beauty Makeover doesn't promote fakeness or being photo copy a by doing that you abuse it.”
“Welcome in Curve fashion world allow me to walk in to your wardrobe .”
“To kill it you must finding your body shape with tailors help or tape measurements and follow it with your outfit like clothes that match your body structure .”
“Oh, I see you think to be half necked on your gorgeous or killer outfit is rocking or cool that's not law of fashion and it out of style.”
“I know that you feel like I pressing your corners never it just a good standard for fashion,no short cut in doing it, it you need to explain it.”
“Welcome in Curve fitness and sports room w'll play and train together to be healthy and flexible mostly spiritual motivated.”
“Being motivated and inspired spiritual body size and physical fitness will be easy piece.”
“More than body fitness in sport you need God's hand he can do better for you to score that goal.”
“Welcome in Curve food you on my kitchen to learn deeply by Motivating and Inspired you in both sides spiritual and physical.”
“More healthy lifestyle balanced come from healthy eating spiritual and physical.”
“It not fashion make you feel good,it style you have.”
“Sun is bright sky is clear, ocean calling you to swimm enjoy don't forget winter will come where you'll respect water and being friends of blankets, life is like that enjoy the moment remember the feature.”
“No babe you're not explained by number for people who love you or what you've done, it how you treat yourself and how you created.”
“Mathon is starting on the road but it starts from days before you hit the road by dreaming and margin about it.”
“Remember you can fly but you'll sleep on the ground, never look other people down cause tomorrow you'll land on them.”
“Summer is an awesome season but it you'll not sink in the ocean or pool of tears without any life guide who's Holy Spirit (God's spirit)”
“In the name of look beautiful help the world by being beautiful inside and out to avoid confusion.”
“Don't confuse being kind and being played this is life not the game you must know the different before you regret.”
“I'm sorry to step you in your corners but the truth must be told that you can't Loved by all people cause you not the money.”
“You can be dumped or fired by people but God always welcome you to restore smile in your face.”
“Step into a mistry world of believing and trust in you before you blame other people.”
“Wear high hill shoes in hard situations to finish up some stuff it your body language.”
“Glossy lips must pour good words not hurful words.”
“Be an influencer to avoid being influenced that will measure your strength.”
“By reaching your goal means Grow to some level and tell show you how brave and strong you're.not give you a permition for being bossy to others.”
“By reaching your goal means you grow in some level and show you how well you've done? how strong, brave you're not being bossy and abuse other people rights.”
“Guess what? dramatic love look will be your life after transforming Curve fat to a healthy hot sexy muscles body.”
“Does all Curve people struggle or experience stress about it?I don't think so, search here for yourself”
“Marathon not start on the road,it starts by margining, strategies, dreaming about it then hit the road.”
“Start to Finish, will avoid to fail.”
“The story needed to be told that how Curvaceous world like as a harmonic words in the ocean.”
“Tell me your sad story that eating you alive, I promise to be silent only God will read it and sort it for you.”
“Like sun shine over the hills! rise and shine before sunset, do what expected on you,yes that you love to do the most world waiting it.”
“She brought light into the darkest hourShe reminded humanity of love’s beautiful power No matter what obstacles she facedNo matter how confidently evil paced”
“I will be who I choose to be”
“It dangerous to be comfortable in people's praises will make you expect it in wrong place and time.”
“People can cheer you even if you going on wrong place,why?they don't want to disappoint you!”
“Love to be unliked because it where you'll gain strength,indipendent.”
“You are your own savior, champion, and best friend, your own Knight in Shining Armor.”
“People live miserably without loving well and people love miserably without living well.”
“They think they can keep me out, but it does not matter how many locks they hang at the entrance. There is always another door. — The Thief Who Stole the Stars, by Tristan Chirsley”
“GARDEN OF WISDOMA heart that has ached mercilesslyCan spin a lifetime of agonyInto a solacing garden of wisdom,Offering you comfortAnd peace.It’s the same heart that knows theEcstasy of just being aliveAnd cherishes every moment.”
“The greatest part of a writer’s time is spent in reading, in order to write. A man will turn over half a library to make a book.”
“Yes, life brings dreams; we dream to live a life. We must live and keep dreaming of becoming engaged with our life purpose.”
“Thank you, women, of the world, for being mothers of NATIONS. The power is in our hands. Stand Up and be Counted! Ladies, Be Fearless! Never quit! Continue to Make History!”
“Love is more about what you are willing to give and receive.If your MARRIAGE is based on love alone, you may become HELPLESS. Marriage should be based on a partnership that empowers both, and LOVE becomes a GIVEN.”
“Perseverance, Perseverance.”
“check the time and dateit's never too late, pray and have faithlet your spirit elevatedon't wait for someone to open the gatetake control of your life, navigatethe world is yours, break the cursecreate your own universe”
“I may not have my Bible, but God's words are in my heart. God is with me, and that is the reason that I have the strength to be sitting here holding it together.”
“Don’t blame me for your mediocrity it’s not my fault you lack integrity”
“With your room allawence, this mountains stumbled you to succeed must fall.”
“You think this mountains is bigger than God? Think again!”
“If deseases, growing old early and die before time hunting you through unhealthy lifestyle run in healthy Curve Swagger lifestyle.”
“Quess what? would be a dramatic love look on your transformed body fat to a healthy muscles through body activities.”
“Does every Curve people struggle and stressful through it?I don't think so, search it for yourself it trueth of life.”
“Love yourself enough to protect you in you by living healthy life.”
“You tired to call by names through your body size look just change the lifestyle.”
“Avoid to quit before starting.”
“Being a Qoets author is not about know how to hold or have a pen it about having a word neither being healthy fit is not about having a gym equipment and knowing what to do is about doing it.”
“Start to finish and quite to fail”
“Be careful on two face people the truth is will disturb you and make your life boat sink.”
“Everyone has bad habits. It is your good habits that build you.”
“When you feel like your hope is gone,look back for a second and remind yourself "WHY YOU STARTED?".”
“F*** these men who don’t think we’re beautiful, because there are men who love us big babies!”
“Grief does not kill the light...it reveals it.....Agony does not kill the ecstasy....it unfolds it......Dark does not extinguish the Dawn...it unwinds it.....”
“To act is to commit, and to commit is to take risks.”
“To open the door to progress, close the hinge of laziness.”
“Your Goals Your Life Your Choices :)”
“Your Goals Your Life Your Choices :)”
“Self-love is the balance between accepting yourself as you are while knowing that you deserve better and working towards it.”
“Happiness doesn't always involve achieving success. Most of the time it's about showing up every single day.”
“When you feel like your hope is gone, look back for a second and remind yourself "WHY YOU STARTED?".”
“The mercy Maker is the Mighty One.”
“Do not take your health for granted, thank God for your well being.”
“Generous in love-God, gives grace.”
“You must daily build your strength in the spirit in order to overcome your struggles.”
“Wait patiently on God because the heavenly blessings he gives are permanent inheritance.”
“Whoever wishes for the heavenly blessings must first learn to prevail persistently in prayer.”
“I would rather fail than regret!”
“Tell me, if you can replicate any two days?”
“Beauty rises ...from a place of tenderness...for it is what pushes a human.... to be humane....”
“Leere ist gut. Leere heißt Platz für Neues, Platz zum Durchatmen.”
“Words go beyond the human imagination - it grips and roots themselves into your frequency which ultimately affects your energy.”
“Change the world with your way of life, one day it will change the direction of the people.”
“Firm was my resolveand fragile was my heart.I saw many ends and many a start.”
“We can't be happy in an unhappy world, so we need to change our surroundings.”
“If you don't do anything to improve upon yourself no one will do that for you.”
“Be an active cause of success, no a consequence of someone's scorn.”
“Each of us has a meaning, because our decisions influence others through the world.”
“If you're facing the worst, then your back is certainly towards the best. All that remains is for you to decide whether or not to make that 180-degree turn that will surely bring a sharp contrast to your life.”
“A man is protected by his prayers.”
“What we do in solitude defines us.”
“Without well being, there is no wealth.”
“Without peace of mind, how can you perform?”
“Surrender,Submit,Sing.”
“Believe in Your Vision because Purpose and Missionare led by Vision.” ~Sherrie Rose”
“Just be good. Baby you are a queen. Give wisdom a chance to be seen.”
“Without situations, no strength will be developed.”
“Tears of sadness will erase the pain of life”
“Tears of sadness will erase the pain of life.”
“May you have an heartfelt joy to be alive.”
“Be the first when no one comes, be the last when all are gone.”
“Where there is grief, there once was love, where the barren fields stand, there once was a river that ran, where the drought remains, there once was, a tender stream that flowed.....”
“Of what use are the memories if not to grow flowers..... on the barren fields. Of what use are the falling tears if not to weave the string of pearls in the hardest hours...”
“Life becomes a moment to moment ecstasy when you stay connected to your spirit as you learn to live by what binds you to your soul even a speck of dust will turn to a glittered star folding your despair while unfolding your dreams.....”
“In any situation, always remember God is step ahead”
“Pray for power to perform the action.”
“Deep courage come from knowing Christ.”
“Direction is better than speed.”
“It's not about the obstacles but your discipline to stay focused on your goal till you win.”
“I live in a way to make my daybook readable and interesting.”
“Live your dreams. Breathe your dreams. Never give up on your dreams.”
“The sweet fellowship of prayer gives peace.”
“Whatever be your burden, bring them to the Lord through an earnest plead in prayer.”
“There's only one earth, and one glorious skyOne fleeting time, quickly passing us byTo put our differences aside, and make everything alrightFor our one human raceNo matter what tongue, creed, color or faith”
“Life is as incomplete and imperfect without difficulties, as a rose without a staircase of thorns.”
“Only when you go against the flow will you find your own flow.”
“It is not the privilege that harms us. It is our lack of awareness of our own privilege that harms us.”
“Your kindness might cause you pain, a sense of betrayal, heartburn. Be kind anyway.”
“How we treat others is a reflection of how we treat ourselves.It is rare almost impossible, for a mean, conniving, hurtful, racist, bigoted person to truly love themselves.”
“Your true friends are those who are TRULY happy for you when you succeed. Be that true friend for others.”
“If I can't trust you, it doesn't matter how smart you are.”
“You don't control your results. You always control your inputs.”
“Better to be lost for something worthwhile. Instead of getting lost in everything worthless.”
“Safe is better than sorry. Nope. Risk is better than regret.”
“Loss is a result.Fear is an input.You don't control your results.You always control your inputs.”
“The bondage is broken by the blood of the blameless lamb, the Lord Jesus Christ.”
“Motivation supplies ignition, and habit provides fuel, to the flame of desire”
“Brain endeavours to import knowledge and export ideas when fed with motivation and supplemented further, with a meaningful purpose.”
“When the efforts made to accomplish it are blinding, success is visible.”
“Unpaid efforts in the present accumulate inevitably, to yield hefty interests in the future.”
“Difficulties arise to enrich our life with experience by putting our strength to the test.”
“Time, through it's unavoidable accumulation clogs our painful memories provided there are no regrets to oppose this process.”
“75 percent of the constituent alphabets in the phrase "Your personal life" establish one's right to withhold, barricade, and restrict others' access to specific exclusive information, generally referred to as: A SECRET”
“Riveting discoveries unfurl when one thinks the unimaginable, instead of imagining the unthinkable...for thought precedes imagination and sculptures acceptance for new ideas.”
“A disease is not defined by the complete and permanent lack of EASE. It is just a phase of DIS-rupted ease that departs with the return of hope and positivity.”
“Every OPPORTUNITY as in a coin toss, brings victory or defeat in a 1:1 ratio.”
“The blunderer who expects to receive a searing lash of someone's rage , but instead receives a breeze of their tranquilly is swamped immediately with unfathomable shame and misery.”
“The healing process, in my opinion, is carried out via a sequence of processes abbreviated as AIR; A - Admitting that you're broken. I - Identifying your shattered and distorted areas R - Repairing it with a hopeful and constructive attitude.”
“Allow yourself to forge friendships with those who seize your presence in , instead of sizing it up.”
“We are all messed up creatures trying to find our way through life.”
“It takes effort to find love.It takes effort to feel fulfilled.It takes effort to be fit.It takes effort to be happy.Which is why most of us do not have love, fulfilment, happiness or fitness in our life.”
“If you’ve had to make an effort to fit-in , then it concludes that you’ve been trying on the wrong size”
“The truth is the truth and the real is the real, and you have the right to say exactly how you feel.”
“The choice is ours to act on what we know.”
“The great deliver is the Divine Being.”
“The Lord keeps the lamp burning continually.”
“The gospel is the good News of God.”
“God requires you to do what is right.”
“Some prayers takes years for God to answer, thereof, keep praying!”
“This IWD, while toasting and celebrating fabulous womanhood let's not forget to salute mother of all, a great woman, NATURE for her evergreen care, gifts and unconditional love. Happy International Women's Day, beautiful beings!”
“Truth is a thought provoking mechanism designed to bring about a virtuous change , but tailored minimally to suit one’s liking.”
“Be thankful to thy teacher.”
“She is involved in work her soul must have.”
“Just don't give up, a miracle could happen!”
“You may be the most beautiful woman on planet earth, but I will not change my principles for you.”
“˝ Not failure, just a lesson I had to learn. ˝”
“When life deals you Lemons, go to Miami and trade it for an Orange. They are sweeter.”
“Motivation is not the event; it is the outcome.”
“What is often requiredIs just a little courage To actually walk the road!Dead ends will always be there,But within you lights a lampWhich shall make you push and shoveAll the endings,Transforming them Into new beginnings!”
“All peace ends from talking about others. All peace starts from stop talking about others. So choose peace.”
“We only get a few momentsIn this lifeWe must live and lovethem well”
“We are storms that never die.”
“If you need help, God can help you, call on him.”
“God promises, therefore, he can performs.”
“Freedom is not for the cowards and the weak. It must be defended wherever it resides. Defended by all that seek it's enduring existence.”
“Paint your own path even if that means walking it alone, sometimes that’s when you get the best surprises in life. - Martha Mandaric”
“The power of contentment is the grace of cheerfulness.”
“There is a difference between knowing the path andwalking the path.”
“There is only one timeline. There is only one you.”
“More ominous the night, more spectacular the daybreak.”
“Be the cactus, a proof of unsubmission, and blossom amidst the fiercest environment.”
“But if I am going to paint my own future, then I can't have have people-pleasing on my paint palette. It only muddles the rest of the colors.”
“You don't understand how powerful love is until it changes everything you stand for and who you are.”
“Whether you think you can or think you can't, you're right.”
“To find out if you're right about something, you have to test it.”
“There is nothing more beautiful than the present. Live it!”
“Perfect your own powers.”
“In a war between customers and the company, customers might lose the fight due to the difference of powers, but the company is the ultimate loser.”
“Your success is your responsibility, nobody else's.”
“Raise your power in silence, become a dynamite of resilience.”
“Bearing crisis upon crisis, we shall rise as creator.”
“Are your actions making a difference to this world? If not then align your actions to improve people's lives.”
“Go after your dreams no matter how far they might seem today. Just start taking steps towards them and your dreams will be yours.”
“Prayer is the only power for prevailing in all matters.”
“The frustration of the customer grows exponentially. It’s best resolved at the bottom of the curve.”
“Allow yourself to be open-minded. Take a step away from the couch and move.”
“But their voices and their words move mountains, create waterfalls, mend hearts, and make this world closer to what it should be.”
“Learn to learn. The way I see it, it's much more important to be a good learner, than to know it all.”
“Aimlessly working towards progression will not get you far.”
“Fill your life with experiences, not things. Have stories to tell, not stuff to show. Write to express not to impress.”
“Whoever shall call on the name of the Saviour, the Lord Jesus Christ, shall be saved.”
“FEAR has its Reasons,COURAGE has Responsibility”
“Still staying fervently prayerful, for I know God is forever faithful to fulfill his promises.”
“There is Saviour, Jesus Christ.”
“No matter how hard you work on something, only when you find a smart way to do it, do people recognize you.”
“Success doesn’t just happen; it doesn’t pot out on its own.Success is all about the choices you make.It’s a balancing act betweenwhat to choose and what not to.”
“Tak ada mimpi yang sempurna di dunia yang tak sempurna ini”
“Your real investment for the future is not in banks but in your skills. How much are you investing in your new skills.?”
“When the murky cloudsBegan drizzling gloomWhen there was nothing But darkness aroundWhen everythingLooked hazy and mistySuddenly there twinkledA starFar away.”
“The world would change dramatically if people started supporting and appreciating entrepreneurs in the way they appreciate and admire art and artist.”
“I have failed more than a hundred times in different things in my life but the only reason I am successful is that I do not stop myself from trying one more time.”
“Devotion is very necessary to achieve something big, without complete dedication towards one thing no one has ever achieved anything big in their life.”
“It's okay if people reject you too many times not everyone deserves great opportunities and not everyone deserves to work with great people.”
“Everyone is a magician, it depends on how much you believe in your magic.”
“In misery, do not be sad but sing.”
“A man may not know misery, if he delights himself in music.”
“Life is so precious, we all are having a very limited time. To access the knowledge of Truth & the Creation.The sooner you get it, the lesser you'll struggle in between the conflicts of Consciousness and Heart ”
“There's a part of you that can never change. That's the inner you. That's your BEAUTIFUL SOUL.”
“By accepting that no two perceptions in the world could ever be identical, we can avoid so many arguments, debates, fights, lives, and relationships every day.”
“There are two bases for our decisions: logic or comfort. When we start making decisions around our comforts, our reasoning abilities become weaker, and our comfort zone becomes smaller.”
“All he needed was one thing to keep himself together until tomorrow. Tomorrow itself was another battle, but today? Just one thing.”
“If I am constantly “doing” but never “becoming,” my capacity to “do” will shortly become the primary limiting factor of my life.”
“Circumstances vary; self-kindness does not. It is a constant.”
“A crisis which can be distractive, can turn out to be constructive.”
“Your attitude determines your happiness, not your circumstances." - by Sri Guru Vyas”
“The thing about making butter is that it feels like it'll never be done, almost right up to the moment when it is done. If what you want is butter, you have to keep going, even if you only half believe you'll get there.”
“If you ever feel helpless... go and help someone. Yes, you! Just go...”
“Da giovane è facile credere che ciò che desideri sia ciò che ti meriti, è facile convincersi che se davvero vuoi qualcosa, è tuo sacrosanto diritto ottenerla.”
“Time is always new, for dreams to come trueDestiny is yours, to do what you do Change is different, but only for awhileFree will it always, brings in a whole new styleCompetition makes, the fight all worth your while”
“If I considered other people's mediocre standards a sufficient metric by which to measure my own accomplishments, I'd have never amounted to anything.”
“Listen up: just because you have the capacity to do something for someone, it doesn't mean you have the obligation to especially when they won't even appreciate you for doing it”
“You can do anything if you put your mind into it”
“..your ambition is your beauty,”
“Don't live on the comments of people but on the truths of God.”
“When you focus on solving the big problems of this world, you will eventually find big solutions for those problems.”
“Where you find the end is the real beginning.”
“Sometimes you start early and finish later, it does not mean that you have taken more time, it means that you experienced much more than others.”
“Focus on one thing and be blind for everything else so that the whole world can see you shining.”
“How do you cultivate optimism? By learning the secret of contentment. If you can learn that, then no matter what happens to you, you can weather the storm and build on the good you find in any situation.”
“Behind every triumph there's a thousand tragedies.”
“Having both normal eyes doesn't necessarily mean ability to see. There are so many individuals with both normal eyes, such powerful potential to see... But they can't see anything.”
“If you have not done something to improve a human's life in some way, you have not truly lived.”
“Each day is meant to edify you and equip you with the necessary tools for you to reach your destiny.”
“As a working rule, no matter what language you are learning, you can assume that the language will have some way of expressing the meaning that you want to communicate. The trick, of course, is to find out how.”
“You can change your Future by changing your mindset”
“The fastest way to get to easy is through hard.”
“Ordinary people will make sure that you too think ordinary.”
“Success is the best Revenge.”
“Tough as thunder, sweet as honey, that's the motto for a braveheart human.”
“Our visa for the planet earth has a validity of just 100 years. It can expire early, but an extension is unlikely.”
“What drives your buying decisions - necessities, comforts, pleasures, status, or ego?”
“Why do we want to be present in many worlds at the same time? Just choose to live in the moment; it’s the most straightforward recipe for happiness.”
“Find your friends, because life is too short to spend with enemies.”
“Spark exists for a moment and then turns into ash. How is human life different?”
“Any new life skill is worthy learning as you do not have an idea when it will make a big difference.”
“When someone tells me "no," it doesn't mean I can't do it, it simply means I can't do it with them.”
“Focus on your strengths, not your weaknesses.Focus on your character, not your reputation.Focus on your blessings, not your misfortunes.”
“When all is said and done, more is said than done.”
“Get going. Move forward. Aim High. Plan a takeoff. Don't just sit on the runway and hope someone will come along and push the airplane. It simply won't happen. Change your attitude and gain some altitude. Believe me, you'll love it up here.”
“You'll never get ahead of anyone as long as you try to get even with him.”
“Live your truth. Express your love. Share your enthusiasm. Take action towards your dreams. Walk your talk. Dance and sing to your music. Embrace your blessings. Make today worth remembering.”
“You're never as good as everyone tells you when you win, and you're never as bad as they say when you lose.”
“All men want, not something to do with, but something to do, or rather something to be.”
“You can't build a reputation on what you are going to do.”
“Every day People straighten up the hair, why not the heart?”
“In the name of the Pizza Lord. Charge!”
“Hope in the shadow of fear is the world's most powerful motivator.”
“The foolish man seeks happiness in the distance. The wise grows it under his feet.”
“Love is forgiving, accepting, moving on, embracing, and all encompassing. And if you’re not doing that for yourself, you cannot do that with anyone else.”
“Don’t let mental blocks control you. Set yourself free. Confront your fear and turn the mental blocks into building blocks.”
“Focus on making yourself better, not on thinking that you are better.”
“You are a divine being. You matter, you count. You come from realms of unimaginable power and light, and you will return to those realms.”
“Life always begins with one step outside of your comfort zone.”
“When you're following your inner voice, doors tend to eventually open for you, even if they mostly slam at first.”
“Rise and rise again until lambs become lions”
“But one of the worst results of being a slave and being forced to do things is that when there is no one to force you any more you find you have almost lost the power of forcing yourself.”
“Believe in your infinite potential. Your only limitations are those you set upon yourself. Believe in yourself, your abilities and your own potential. Never let self-doubt hold you captive. You are worthy of all that you dream of and hope for.”
“To progress in life, I don’t focus on how much I have done but on how much I have yet to do.”
“It's not that some people have willpower and some don't... It's that some people are ready to change and others are not.”
“Many times in life, we are held back from achieving our goals because we do not commit ourselves wholeheartedly. With an escape route in mind, we hold ourselves back from giving our all.”
“Your inner strength is your outer foundation”
“I just want to be someone, to mean something to anyone...”
“Every challenge you face today makes you stronger tomorrow. The challenge of life is intended to make you better, not bitter.”
“You have the power to heal your life, and you need to know that. We think so often that we are helpless, but we're not. We always have the power of our minds...Claim and consciously use your power.”
“Would you like to know your future?If your answer is yes, think again. Not knowing is the greatest life motivator.So enjoy, endure, survive each moment as it comes to you in its proper sequence -- a surprise.”
“One of the best ways to influence people is to make them feel important. Most people enjoy those rare moments when others make them feel important. It is one of the deepest human desires.”
“The quality of a man's life is in direct proportion to his commitment to excellence, regardless of his chosen field of endeavor.”
“You have two choices, to conquer your fear or to let your fear conquer you.”
“Great goals make great people. People cannot hit what they do not aim for.”
“You have come a long way and have won many battles. Whenever you’re faced with a difficult or challenging situation, you’ll overcome it. Yes, you can.”
“Make the most of what you have and keep your standards high. Never settle for anything less than you deserve or are capable of achieving.”
“Control Your Own Destiny or Someone Else Will”
“Where did we ever get the crazy idea that in order to make children do better, first we have to make them feel worse? Think of the last time you felt humiliated or treated unfairly. Did you feel like cooperating or doing better?”
“We all have negative thoughts now and then, but we can choose not to dwell there and not to let them control us.”
“Keep your promises and be consistent. Be the kind of person others can trust.”
“Instead of complaining about the problem and blaming others, start finding the solution.”
“Create your own miracles; do what you think you cannot do.”
“Our Age of Anxiety is, in great part, the result of trying to do today’s jobs with yesterday’s tools!”
“Ability is what you're capable of doing. Motivation determines what you do. Attitude determines how well you do it.”
“I said "Somebody should do something about that." Then I realized I am somebody.”
“The road to success is always under construction”
“Your talent determines what you can do. Your motivation determines how much you are willing to do. Your attitude determines how well you do it.”
“Edit your life frequently and ruthlessly. It's your masterpiece after all.”
“The voice says, maybe you don't go to hell for the things you do. Maybe you go to hell for the things you don't do. The things you don't finish.”
“Life's short. Live passionately.”
“Desire is the key to motivation, but it’s determination and commitment to an unrelenting pursuit of your goal - a commitment to excellence - that will enable you to attain the success you seek.”
“Do it badly; do it slowly; do it fearfully; do it any way you have to, but do it.”
“A challenge only becomes an obstacle when you bow to it.”
“I am so grateful for my troubles. As I reflect back on my life, I have come to realize that my greatest triumphs have been born of my greatest troubles.”
“Writer’s block results from too much head. Cut off your head. Pegasus, poetry, was born of Medusa when her head was cut off. You have to be reckless when writing. Be as crazy as your conscience allows.”
“If we judge ourselves only by our aspirations and everyone else only their conduct we shall soon reach a very false conclusion.”
“Talent is a wonderful thing, but it won't carry a quitter. ”
“When God takes out the trash, don't go digging back through it. Trust Him.”
“It has been my philosophy of life that difficulties vanish when faced boldly.”
“There is no more compelling motivation to worthwhile endeavor than the knowledge that we are children of God, that God expects us to do something with our lives, and that He will give us help when help is sought.”
“Never pray to be a better slave when God is trying to get you out of your situation.”
“When you live your life by poor standards, you inflict damage on everyone who crosses your path, especially those you love.”
“It’s hard to believe there are people that don’t read books. There’s so much magic in words and well told stories.”
“Follow your bliss and doors will open where there were no doors before.”
“Never run from the enemy, tackle them”
“Get immersed in the beauty that surrounds you. No filters, edits, or adjustments. Experience the colors, sounds, textures and smells within your reach. Live.”
“I found an inner strength to fight for myself. It was clear that nobody else would.”
“Dear me, one day I'll make you proud.”
“Participate in your dreams today. There are unlimited opportunities available with this new day. Take action on those wonderful dreams you've had in your mind for so long. Remember, success is something you experience when you act accordingly.”
“It is only in our darkest hours that we may discover the true strength of the brilliant light within ourselves that can never, ever, be dimmed.”
“No one asks how to motivate a baby. A baby naturally explores everything it can get at, unless restraining forces have already been at work. And this tendency doesn't die out, it's wiped out.”
“Be more than motivated, be more than driven, become literally obsessed to the point where people think you're fucking nuts.”
“The truly terrible thing is that everybody has their reasons.”
“When you stop living your life based on what others think of you real life begins. At that moment, you will finally see the door of self acceptance opened.”
“Do not sit still; start moving now. In the beginning, you may not go in the direction you want, but as long as you are moving, you are creating alternatives and possibilities.”
“You don't go walking into the proverbial lion's den lightly. You start with a good breakfast.”
“I need to stop getting into situations where all my options are potentially bad.”
“Live Long and Prosper”
“How to win in life:1 work hard 2 complain less 3 listen more 4 try, learn, grow5 don't let people tell you it cant be done6 make no excuses”
“No one wakes up in the morning and says, 'I want to gain 150 pounds and I will start right now!”
“Stop searching the world for treasure, the real treasure is in yourself.”
“Motivation is the fuel, necessary to keep the human engine running.”
“Anything which is physically possible can always be made financially possible; money is a bugaboo of small minds.”
“Everybody wants to be a bodybuilder, but nobody wants to lift no heavy-ass weights.”
“If reading makes you happy, do it. Whatever makes your heart sing and brings you joy, do that too.”
“Sustain joy by anchoring yourself with gratitude.”
“Remember to celebrate the small accomplishments along your journey because they will provide the support needed when the road gets rocky. ”
“Imagination is not bound by possibilities. The creative mind will always break the shackles—making the impossible, possible.”
“We love being mentally strong, but we hate situations that allow us to put our mental strength to good use.”
“Life’s too short to walk around with your arms crossed and bottom lip poked out. Find a way to smile for yourself even if it’s as simple as licking the spoon clean or putting clean sheets on your bed.”
“Writers create impressions that inspire, stir emotions, evoke questions and sprinkle seeds of awe.”
“Writers have influenced thoughts, principals, viewpoints and experiences throughout history. A talented writer’s pen is anointed with magic!”
“We all grow tired eventually; it happens to everyone. Even the sun, at the close of the year, is no longer a morning person.”
“You need to have faith in yourself. Be brave and take risks. You don't have to have it all figured out to move forward.”
“Curiosity is the engine of achievement.”
“Motivation comes from working on things we care about. It also comes from working with people we care about.”
“Go as far as you can see and you will see further.”
“I put on the boots and kicked some monster ass.”
“Focus on what you are and what you can rather than what others aren't & can't. You have to win; they don't necessarily have to lose for you!”
“I can’t think of anything more disheartening than living a life without a clear purpose.”
“You touch some of the reasons for my going, not for my staying away.”
“Keep creating: the world yearns to celebrate your next masterpiece.”
“It’s not just the big moments that count, it’s all of the small actions that feed our heart and soul on a daily basis. Cherish those moments and reflect on how to replicate them often.”
“Patience is the only way you can endure the gray periods.”
“He had made himself believe that he was going to get well, which was really more than half the battle.”
“The hardest part of any important task is getting started on it in the first place. Once you actually begin work on a valuable task, you seem to be naturally motivated to continue.”
“The war to preserve the privilege of mythmaking”
“Motivation is when your dreams put on work clothes”
“Don't be afraid to be afraid. Have fear, and then conquer the shit out of it.”
“If life didn’t give you at least one person not wanting you to succeed then half of us would lose are motivation to climb that cliff, in order to prove them wrong.”
“Today is the day you choose to find joy, fulfillment and the path that will make your heart sing. It's your choice, never lose sight of that.”
“Nothing is born into this world without labor.”
“If only we had the certainty in our strength that we do in our weaknesses and capacity for failure - oh how wonderful life would be”
“While intent is the seed of manifestation, action is the water that nourishes the seed. Your actions must reflect your goals in order to achieve true success.”
“Imagine a place where everyone chooses to bring energy, passion, and a positive attitude every day.”
“Money is like gasoline during a road trip. You don’t want to run out of gas on your trip, but you’re not doing a tour of gas stations.”
“A life fueled by passions is like riding on the back of a dragon.”
“If you're reading this, I hope God opens incredible doors for your life this year. Greatness is upon you. You must believe it though.”
“Spend more time doing things that make you forget about the time.”
“Most people who decide to grow personally find their first mentors in the pages of books.”
“Life is complicated. If life was simple, wouldn’t that make us simpletons?”
“What makes the engine go?Desire, desire, desire.”
“Blessings! Count them and be thankful. Ask for an abundance of them and accept with gratitude.”
“Tapi... karena nggak tahu apa-apa itulah, esok hari jadi sesuatu yang layak ditunggu, kan?”
“Fear of the LORD is the beginning of knowledge. Only Fools despise wisdom and discipline." Proverbs 1:7 NLT”
“Motivation will keep you going forwards, Hesitation will only drag you backwards.”
“Habits stay with you even when you don’t have the motivation.”
“People who work in an environment where doing their best is recognized have a better chance of feeling good about their work.”
“When we pray we admit defeat.”
“The good men of every age are those who go to the roots of the old thoughts and bear fruit with them.”
“Motivation gets you going and habit gets you there.”
“The heights charm us, but the steps do not; with the mountain in our view we love to walk the plains.”
“A professional is one who does his best work when he feels the least like working.”
“Rejection is a challenge.”
“If you don't write when you don't have time for it, you won't write when you do have time for it.”
“Everything you need is already within you. The beauty of life is that your DESTINY lies always in your hands. The time has come for you to STEP UP and BE GREAT”
“but I have no mind for business and considered staying awake to be enough of an accomplishment.”
“Live with Fulfillment, Serve with Passion so in this Lifetime you will have the ablility to Die with NO Regrets.”
“If you practice hard, you can win every battle.”
“Faithfulness in small things leads to faithfulness in great things, and never the other way around.”
“Diversity of character is due to the unequal time given to values. Only through each other will we see the importance of the qualities we lack and our unfinished soul's potential.”
“Act as if it was, and it will be.”
“Introspection is a form of self-management. You reflect. You decide. You change. You allow yourself to grow.”
“motivating people, forcing them to your will, gives you a cynical attitude toward humanity. It degrades everything it touches.”
“Virtually everyone needs motivation of some sort, but when you are in love - that is motivation enough, it turns many into poets and painters, it spurs the creativity in you.”
“No matter how smart we may think we are, no matter how committed we are to our truth, we can lose our way.”
“It still holds true that man is most uniquely human when he turns obstacles into opportunities.”
“The greatest win is walking away and choosing not to engage in drama and toxic energy at all.”
“The more you can have control over your ego rather than let it run amuck, the more successful you’ll be in all areas of life.”
“When you experience a negative circumstance or event, do not dwell on it. Be proactive — put your attention on what you need to do to bring the situation to a positive result.”
“The most dangerous irony is, people are angry with others because of their own incompetence.”
“Where there is life, there is hope.”
“I have moments that aren't too bad, but there's always something I'm struggling with, or feeling guilty about. I just figured I needed to try harder, but I find it difficult to sustain that motivation.”
“I often lose motivation, but it's something I accept as normal.”
“Recognize that throughout this beautiful day,you have an incredible amount of opportunities to move your life into the direction you want it to go.”
“...she doesn't have to choose between being gentle or being fierce. Both exist in nature and both exist in her. That's ok. She'll know to nourish them both and when applicable, use each unapologetically.”
“Faith keeps our ships moving, while empathy and the memories of our experiences lead to wisdom.”
“While others were dreaming about it - I was getting it done.”
“MANAGE YOUR MOOD: Name 1 thing that surprised you today...Name 1 thing that moved you...Name 1 thing that inspired you...”
“Believe in yourself. Under-confidence leads to a self-fulfilling prophecy that you are not good enough for your work.”
“If I didn't have Lincoln's butt to stare at the whole time, motivation would be a lot harder to come by.”
“Walk free from the long shadows cast by small people.”
“Every adversity brings new experiences and new lessons.”
“GIVING - Applied tithing is so rewarding. When you give away your time, talent, and treasures you create a huge shift in your prosperity consciousness. So start where you are as you reach for where it is you want to be.”
“If you want to be happy, you need to set your mind on happiness.”
“It is great to do what you love but greater with the great team.”
“There are people who are waiting to be motivated by you.”
“When our commitment is wavering, the best way to stay on track is to consider the progress we've already made. As we recognize what we've invested and attained, it seems like a waste to give up, and our confidence and commitment surge.”
“The universe doesn't give you what you want in your mind; it gives you what you demand with your actions.”
“Pain los[es] its power when other things bec[o]me more important.”
“To turn your dreams into reality, all your resources, efforts and concentration should be aligned in the same direction.”
“Every game is winnable if you change your mind about what the prize should be and your perspective about the players at the table.”
“Dream your dream; and realize that you are more than just the dreamer, you are the point of origin for its reality.”
“The only walls that exist are those you have placed in your mind. And whatever obstacles you conceive, exist only because you have forgotten what you have already achieved.”
“Inspiration fires you up; motivation keeps you burning.”
“If you don't make the time to work on creating the life you want, you're eventually going to be forced to spend a LOT of time dealing with a life you don't want.”
“Music is the beat of a drum that keeps time with our emotions.”
“Now he was proving it again. Each time was a new time and he never thought about the past when he was doing it.”
“Perfection is not a destination; it's a never-ending process...Enjoy!”
“Cream always rises to the top...so do good leaders".”
“Enthusiasm is excitement with inspiration,motivation, and a pinch of creativity”
“When you SEE into the invisible, you will DARE to do the impossible!”
“Pain doesn't last. And when it's gone, we have something to show for it. Growth.”
“Take each day in your open palms and close your fists around it. This life is not done with you yet.”
“You can motivate by fear, and you can motivate by reward. But both those methods are only temporary. The only lasting thing is self motivation.”
“The world is a terrifying place, more than I ever realized. But if I had my whole life to do over again, that's literally the only thing I'd change. I'd stop being so afraid of other people.”
“Let your playerhaters be your motivators.”
“If there was a reason why he preferred the liberal tendency to the conservative one (also held to by many of his circle), it was not because he found the liberal tendency more sensible, but it more closely suited his manner of life.”
“Fear is a powerful stimulant.”
“It's not life situations but our thoughts are the pilots of grief.”
“Urusan pembaca adalah mengekalkan ingatan pada apa yang mereka sukai. Sebaliknya, urusan penulis adalah menghapus ingatan dari apa-apa yang sudah ia bikin. Ia hanya memusatkan perhatian pada bagaimana melahirkan karya sebaik-baiknya saat ini.”
“People who don't smile are not serious”
“Today is the day you have to start believing in yourself. No one can do it for you anymore.”
“Do not be afraid of what should be afraid of you”
“Never allow the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game!”
“Greatness and nearsightedness are incompatible. Meaningful achievement depends on lifting one's sights and pushing toward the horizon.”
“When nothing goes right, you have to face forward and take it on head first.”
“Difficulty is the excuse history never accepts.”
“Competition is a rude yet effective motivation.”
“If life throws you a few bad notes or vibrations, don't let them interrupt or alter your song.”
“If your arteries are good, eat more ice cream. If they are bad, drink more red wine. Proceed thusly.”
“Others can't always define your true identity. They see what they 'want' to see but beyond your mess, God sees the beauty He created and still thinks it's good!”
“Do you know where your breakthrough begins? Your breakthrough begins where your excuses ends.”
“A dream is your creative vision for your life in the future. You must break out of your current comfort zone and become comfortable with the unfamiliar and the unknown.”
“Perserverance: Outlasting the most rash, pessimistic, cowardly naysayers; those first in line to deny us the dreams never tried. Ourselves.”
“I am not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday, I have today and I know Him who holds tomorrow so I know tomorrow will be beautiful for me.”
“God can take the ordinary and create the extraordinary. Our incredible God has the power to transform your simple life and give you the life of your dreams. Remarkable things happen in your life when you believe.”
“...one cannot but wonder how an environment can make people despair and sit idle and then, by changing the conditions, one can transform the same people into matchless performers.”
“The ability to stay calm and focused in the midst of change is what distinguishes great leaders from those just collecting a paycheck.”
“Whilst some people inspire, others conspire!”
“Serendipity is not the product of patience; it’s the product of action.”
“If you concentrate on small, manageable steps you can cross unimaginable distances.”
“Following your convictions means you must be willing to face criticism from those who lack the same courage to do what is right. It’s called the road less traveled.”
“Nobody is going to save you but yourself and the ‘best’ and only way to do so isthrough action.”
“The privileges of the Nobles of the Sword are not democratic ... Across the country, peasants have been burning crops and châteaux. If the King does not willingly change taxation, I fear commoners and peasants will force him.”
“Always strive to aim for the highest peak of the goals in life you have set, this way if you manage to reach even half way toward a goal, landing in the middle is not such a bad place to end up.”
“Do you wait for things to happen, or do you make them happen yourself? I believe in writing your own story.”
“To realize one's destiny is a person's only real obligation and when you want something, all the universe conspires in helping you to achieve it.”
“It may take little time to get where you want to be, but if you pause and think for a moment, you will notice that you are no longer where you were. Do not stop—keep going.”
“Money is just an idea.”
“Someone needs to fight, someone needs to sacrifice, someone needs to inspire, someone needs to be a hero.”
“It is not so much where my motivation comes from but rather how it manages to survive.”
“I challenge you to make your life the masterpiece you want to paint, the novel you want to read, the day you want to wake to.”
“Love' is the only weapon I have, I will defend with love, I will attack with love.”
“Newtonian physics runs into problems at the subatomic level. Down there--in the land of hadrons, quarks, and Schrödinger's cat--things gent freaky. The cool rationality of Isaac Newton gives way to the bizarre unpredictability of Lewis Carroll.”
“Vainglory, however, no matter how much medieval Christianity insisted it was a sin, is a motor of mankind, no more eradicable than sex.”
“The Rest of Our Life Is Going To Be The Best of Our Life!”
“we tend to steer our lives in the direction of the lessons we need to learn”
“The issue isn't, Am I good enough? No. The issue is, Do I not have any other choice? Will and desire don't matter. Ability doesn't matter. Need is the only thing that matters.”
“Where would we have been without the discoveries of our predecessors, and where are we going without your discoveries?”
“Start even if you don't know how.”
“The choice to make good choices is the best choice you can choose. Fail to make that choice and on most choices you will lose.”
“Don't be in a hurry. Everything arise in the due time.”
“I refuse to live life with unsettled differences”.”
“Whatever you think you are, you are always bigger than that...”
“I’m always scared to death that I won’t do a role justice. But fear can be a great motivator.”
“Discipline is giving yourself a command and following it up with action”
“If you always do what is easy and choose the path of least resistance, you never step outside your comfort zone. Great things don’t come from comfort zones.”
“The IMPOSSIBLE is ONLY relevant to those who NEVER attempt it...otherwise it is ABSTACT and MEANINGLESS”
“Orang yang selalu menunda-nunda niatnya tidak akan mencapai apa-apa.Bertindak memang ada bahayanya, tetapi bila kita duduk saja menunggu rezeki nomplok, yang akan datang adalah kegagalan.Kesampingkan saja keragu-raguan anda dan maju terus.!”
“Moving forward implies MOTION when in all actuality it may be simply standing STILL and seeing the salvation of the Lord.”
“Seek first the kingdom of heaven WITHIN, whereby lies an abundance of treasures and resources that you need”
“I was determined to move forward.”
“Passion is not a reaction to an external event. It is the left over emotions from the internal battles you have won that propels you forward.”
“Erase self-doubt by working to build your strengths instead of focusing on your weaknesses.”
“We do not need to attend classroom training programmes for everything. Observation opens the windows of knowledge around us”
“In order to grow, I promise you'll have to let go of some habits. 10 times out of 10, they'll be the habits you're most in love with.”
“The poor themselves can create a poverty-free world. All we have to do is to free them from the chains that we have put around them!”
“Intent not followed by action is an insult to your design. Decide what you want, create a plan, and get your ass out there!”
“They looked to each other for support, for strength, and at times, motivation, to remember why and for whom they lived.”
“Motivation gets you going; Inspiration keeps you going.”
“What have you gained since you haven't prayed? What will you lose if you pray?”
“If you are willing to be a self-learner, you will develop yourself.”
“I made it greater,you always told me to forget the haters.”
“Make plans for your new goals. And press towards achieving the goals with all your strength.”
“You cannot control the past but you have control over the life you build going forward.”
“Choose to hustle now, to work hard now, to make all the sacrifice now. So that you can enjoy your tomorrow. Whatever it is that you suppose to do now. If you don't do it now, it will affect you badly for the rest of your life.”
“Vladimir, be reasonable, you haven't yet tried everything. And I resumed the struggle.”
“Concentrate all your thoughts upon the work in hand. The Sun's rays do not burn until brought to a focus”
“Convince yourself everyday that you are worthy of a good life. Let go of stress, breathe. Stay positive, all is well.”
“The water doesn't know how old you are.”
“the worst thing said about him is that he was "uncurious.”
“Desire is the key to motivation. It is the key to develop a healthy personality and a positive attitude towards oneself and others.”
“Stop trying to explain yourself. People only understand things from their level of perception; within the parameters of their agreement with reality. Save your energy.”
“Do not empower your negative thoughts by giving them “legs” so they can run around your mind, creating worries,frustrations, and anxiety in your life.”
“Daily dance uplift the soul to spiritual realms.”
“Get in touch with your passion and put it to work at work.”
“Accept hardship as a necessary discipline.”
“When healthy competition prevails -- you come out to play and you play to win.”
“No matter what the industry you choose to ultimately invest all your time and energy in, be sure you're the owner, founder, and CEO. Remember, if you don't own it, you can't control it nor can you depend on it.”
“If you spend all your time thinking about how someone is going to one-up you, you can't put your best foot forward.”
“If you saturate your mind with positive thoughts, it will sustain you in any situation.”
“Dituntun oleh masa laluku, didorong oleh keberadaanku, aku terbang mencari sesuatu yang tak kuketahui. Antusiasme, rasa ingin tahu, dan harapan menemaniku.”
“Sordid things, for the most part, are what make human beings, my father included, move. That's what it is to be human, I'm afraid.”
“Remember, the talking about the thing isn't the thing. Doing the thing is the thing.”
“May you find the strength of will and the grace of endurance to overcome every challenge.”
“To lovers there.Most ladies the reason they are dumped and their relationship doesn't last is they made themselves to become a want than a need in a relationship.”
“Every cruelty is a form of weakness.”
“Self determination is greatest will power.”
“Today is a gift that will be taken from you at day's end. Don't waste a moment, a chance, a lesson. You'll never live today again.”
“Here's how man thinks: "If no one’s done it, why should I try? It’s a waste of time; but if he’s done it, I can do it better.”
“This was her life, this was her city, these were her people, and because she loved them, she had sworn to herself a long time ago that she would do a damn good job of being who she was because she could be no one else.”
“In any situation, there is a sacred-solution.”
“Unity is the intentional inclination to corporately control our destination. In other words, achieving the dream takes a team!”
“There are six reasons anyone does anything: Love. Faith. Greed. Boredom. Fear..." he said, ticking them off on his fingers; but he lingered on the last, drawing a deep breath before he said, "Revenge.”
“If you truly feel that self esteem and motivation have to happen first before you can make changes in your life, then we’ll probably be sharing walkers at a retirement home as we talk over what might have been.”
“The monkeys solved the puzzle simply because they found it gratifying to solve puzzles. They enjoyed it. The joy of the task was its own reward.”
“Your life is a reflection of your thoughts. Think well.”
“Go higher and higher, until it becomes impossible to bring you down, I wanna use a microscope to locate you, don't even dream of coming down.”
“In a story you had to find a reason, but real life gets on very well without even Freudian motivations.”
“Stop worrying about someone taking your spot. God already have it reserved. Do the work to get there and fill it!”
“If you want him to do it, you've got to change the picture of the world inside his head.”
“Achieving success is a challenge but so is struggling so you may as well choose success. ”
“It doesn't matter where you've been, only where you are going.”
“The motivation of all artists is 'Look at me, Mum'.”
“Our ancestors have invented, we can at least innovate.”
“Don't let your dreams rust! Listen to your youthful bells ringing loud inside of you.”
“Waiting around to be perfect never amounts to anything. Don't be a waiter or you'll be serving other people.”
“Raise the bar higher than your opinion...”
“Dream big. Wake up. Take the first step into the unknown.”
“Ish #211 "Your child is your parental obligation, not friend.”
“Someone said that our goals keep us going, but it's our dreams that make us tick. So if you disconnect your goals from your dreams, don't be surprised if one morning you realize that your life is on autopilot.”
“Real success is not rooted in positions, places or possessions, but in fulfilment of God's purposes for our lives.”
“If there's a definition of freedom, I think it's this: living life on your terms.”
“We always need a motivation, in order for us to meet our full potential at work.”
“He was the rarest of things, a Republican with sex appeal.”
“The greater the loyalty of a group toward the group, the greater is the motivation among the members to achieve the goals of the group, and the greater the probability that the group will achieve its goals.”
“Rather than the strength it takes to not lose, it's the strength to stand back up after a loss that is sometimes more valuable.”
“Needs cause motivation. Deep-rooted desires for esteem, affection, belonging, achievement, self-actualization, power, and control motivate us to push for what we want and need in our lives.”
“Resistance is a powerful motivator precisely because it enables us to fulfill our longing to achieve our goals while letting us boldly recognize and name the obstacles to those achievements.”
“Be thankful for the people who have stood by you and cheered you on, but don't forget to be thankful for the ones that said it could not be done. Writing a book is no small task and even the skeptics can help you get where you want to be!”
“If you say no to oppurtunity, you had said no to life”
“Ambivalence is one of the biggest enemies of change. If you aren't sure that you really want to take action on something such as your weight, ambivalence will usually win.”
“Tidak ada seorang pun yang bisa dikalahkan, sampai dia menyerah--DI DALAM PIKIRANNYA SENDIRI!”
“ Inevitably, if we are to grow and change as adults, we must gradually learn to confront the challenges, paradoxes, problems and painful reality of an insecure world.”
“I was going to buy a copy of The Power of Positive Thinking, and then I thought: What the hell good would that do?”
“To be cruel is to be coward.”
“Yeu only live once.No matter what yeu choose to do with it, it should be worth it.”
“Berani tanpa disertai kesabaran akan membunuh anda.Ambisius tanpa kesabaran dapat memusnahkan karier yang paling menjanjikan.Berjuang meraih harta tanpa kesabaran akan mengamblaskan milik yang sudah ada.”
“I allow manipulation to find out where my enemy wants me to go. Then I use my mind to break the trap and punish the perpetrators.”
“The seeds you planted last year will grow in this year. Think hard on that when you plant again.”
“When you fall don’t get up until you figure out what tripped you.”
“When yeu win, your success story can be whatever the fuck yeu want.”
“To be a poet in a destitute time means: to attend, singing, to the trace of the fugitive god. This is why the poet in the time of the world's night utters the holy.”
“Just like how countless stars did, always in the same spot you will shine brightly on your own.”
“Each man should be free to fight for his own salvation.”
“The ordinary man gets motivation from power and fame. The superior finds motivation in meaning and work itself.”
“We all have different things to do in life. And how we know is that it drives us and won’t let us go.”
“Everyone is struggling. I suppose we must try to understand and learn rather than judge”
“Every failure is a chance to make things better than ever”
“If you're jealous of someone else it simply means you have not come to a true acceptance and appreciation of yourself.”
“Embrace every new day with gratitude, hope and love.”
“Until you believe you can do it, it's going to be difficult to convince anyone else you can do it.”
“Neatness and cleanliness is not a function of how rich or poor you are but that of mentality and principle.”
“You are an artist and the masterpiece is your life.”
“[Team player vs team builder]Players focus on the wins and the loses.Builders focus on the team and future of the vision.Let's move our members from team player to team builder.”
“You don't get time.You create time.”
“There would be a time, when you will ask for nothing but life.”
“Let your past propel you forward, not hold you back.”
“Civilization is a myth. That is the truth this world has taught us. We have not risen above our baser instincts... That is what always has and always will drive us.”
“Opportunities to share love and compassion are all around us. Its going to take an army of compassionate people to heal our world. How will you show yours?”
“Inspiration moves one from Pessimism to Optimism, from Doubt to Faith, from Despair to Hope, and from Darkness to Light!- RVM”
“Don't be managed by the likelihood of mishaps. Be motivated by the promise of favor!”
“Apunta a la luna y si fallas, al menos estaras entre las estrellas.”
“Having what you want may give you Achievement. But wanting what you have will give you Fulfillment.”
“She appears quiet and subdued.The paradox: Raging storms twirl inside her.”
“I am not a man of God, I am too little to be that, but once in a while I like to believe in that thing called destiny.”
“I am the girl that goes backwards, takes wrong turns, stumbles in life’s chasms. I am also the girl that finds gold where others feared to stray. Perhaps because I follow my heart, instead of sage advice thrown my way.”
“You are thunder and lightning Love and rageIntensity and sensitivity Made of mountains, oceansFire and fierce thingsDreams and curiosityYou are paradoxes and contradictions Some days soft, some daysStrong as fuck Always beautiful.”
“Your comfort zone is a place where you keep yourself in a self-illusion and nothing can grow there but your potentiality can grow only when you can think and grow out of that zone.”
“At times what you expect and what happens don’t match. The faster you accept and adapt to what happened & work towards creating what you believed, that what you expected gets created in a whole new way..!”
“Reputation Is Temporary..As Much as The Man Owning Your Reputation Is”
“WINNER:is A Runner who “Wins Inspite Of Ninety Nine ExcellentRunners!”
“The challenge of life is regretless decision making, relentless pursuit of vision with faith, forgiving others, enduring pain with a smile & achieving goals with an extra MILE”
“Leadership is all about caring, daring and sharing!Caring for people, Daring to Act fearlessly,& Sharing the success with all!”
“Once You keep Aside the Emotional side Of yours,Is when You stop using the phrase “This was a BAD PHASE” of life..”
“A focused Mind is a result Of a little Effort To tell Your Distractions To sleep for A couple of hours While you are at WORK.”
“All have dreams, live for them, They add meaning to LIFE.The only thing that differentiates us from other beings is the fact that us can DREAM!!!”
“What You were Once, Was Also Because You Were Someone Else Before that”
“Have a GOAL to keep the following 5-‘H’ OUT of your lifeH – HarassH – HamperH – HurtH – HarmH – HinderTo Ensure H=Happiness Prevails forever!”
“Take a discovery walk today to find what's missing in your life. There's peace in the whisper of the wind, hope in the sun smiling from behind clouds, strength in every step forward. You can do it!”
“The Glory Is Always Hidden Between The Lines Of the Story”
“When every minute of your day is planned & you are packed for days, you shall soon realize that the pain of past fades, vision of life gets clearer and all that seemed to poison your life Ceases to exist.”
“Even in hardship, God’s goodness prevails.”
“IT’s All In The Game Of Mind.”
“The 4 pillars Of the Greatest Religion ever Are Love Trust Character & Brotherhood...”
“The wisdom of LIFE eludes even the best...For those who pass the test Life is a fest,While, its forever, A battle for the rest..”
“Action is traction.”
“Don’t believe negative voices. Listen to the divine-instinct of awaken soul.”
“The greatest obsession is I believe in myself.”
“Great achievement requires personal force, determined spirit and self-confidence.”
“You have to conquer every obstacle, before you can reach the top of the mountain.”
“You will encounter many challenges in life. But you must never be defeated by the challenges.”
“May you find the courage to rise above any circumstance.”
“Living a daring life is zealous pursuit.”
“Never allow anyone or anything to demise or dull your truest identity. Hurtful words and harsh judgments have no impact when your north star, your guiding light, shines from the center of your chest and beats from your own truest heart.”
“Control leads to compliance; autonomy leads to engagement.”
“Forget perfect on the first try. In the face of frustration, your best tool is a few deep breaths, and remembering that you can do anything once you've practed two hundred times.”
“Did I love what I was doing, or did I love myself in doing it?”
“It's hard to stay committed when our heart isn't in it.”
“Goal Of LIFE Is patience,Goal Of Patience Is LIFE!”
“If you think you are too small to be effective, you have never been in the dark with a mosquito!”
“When you feel down and out you must reach up and out--to Spirit! Our strength will only resonate deep within your souls if you open your heart and minds with us.”
“Things get done only if the data we gather can inform and inspire those in a position to make difference.”
“Things that aren't important, that have nothing to do with winning and losing, don't have to be a rule.”
“If you’ve got a dozen pitchers, you need to speak 12 different languages.”
“He who perseveres like an infant that falls down and keeps getting up, shall eventually find the way.”~ Amunhotep El Bey”
“Follow Your Heart & The world Shall Follow YOU!Reject it and It stops beating!”
“Without the desire to be patient patience doesn't happen, Just like without the desire to grow, LIFE doesn't happen!”
“It is the very use of coercion, positive or negative, that breaks or deadens the spirit, which is the source of motivation.”
“Trust not in Sprites nor the motivations of a Gnome.”
“We need something that encourages us to work, we need an intimate aid. This is only possible through meditation.”
“An employee's motivation is a direct result of the sum of interactions with his or her manager.”
“Ish #28 "Give you child a name with meaning.”
“Ish #177 "You never know what you don't know, until you finally know it.”
“If you accept working for 'peanuts' don't complain when you're treated like a monkey.”
“I've never considered the possibility of defeat. I've never planned for it. That's the job for those people who plan for such things. My job is to only plan for success...victory; it has my complete focus.”
“Seeking Your face and not only Your hand, I find You embracing me just as I am.”
“Student engagement is the product of motivation and active learning. It is a product rather than a sum because it will not occur if either element is missing.”
“There were three things sought by invaders who crossed oceans to discover America. Those were gold, gospel, glory. There are four things sought by aliens who crossed heavens to discover planet earth. Those are gold, gospel, glory, gene.”
“Considering the age and mental language of underachievers, provides a tailored approach to addressing their basic needs”
“Underachievement has a cyclical nature, and underachieving persons may change their behaviours based on their current motivation and ability levels.”
“Underachieving student have a diverse needs”
“There's no such thing as a bad person; Just look at yourself, for example.”
“Be the person who fearlessly takes calculated risks, shapes success through daily habits, and embodies the true power of growth.”
“Step outside your comfort zone and let your desired outcomes become your reality.”
“Embrace the mindset of 'Be, Do, Have' and break free from limitations. Go for it and create the life you want! Seize the opportunities that come your way.”
“Embrace the transformative power of becoming the best version of yourself. It's time to turn your dreams into reality and create a life that's truly fulfilling and meaningful.”
“Embrace the next version of yourself, make changes that bring transformation, and propel yourself towards success.”
“Level up your decisions, align your actions, and crush your goals. Be the unstoppable force of your next-level vision of you.”
“Discover your limitless potential, embrace growth, and create the life you desire. Stay unstoppable, resilient, and confident on your journey to success.”
“Take back your power and become the best version of yourself. By taking the next best actions, you pave the way for success.”
“Don't let external circumstances dictate your actions. Take charge of your own journey and shape your destiny.”
“In the tapestry of relationships, ignoring the ones who were once dear, weaves threads of heartache that endure longer than the fabric of love itself.”
“I didn’t realize that, to find the key to my success, exactly what I needed was someone to insult my last name and my father. I learned that I do better fighting for others than for myself.”
“When you’re on a mission, you don’t need motivation.”
“True love sees beyond flaws; it embraces imperfections and cherishes the uniqueness that resides within each of us.”
“the future belongs to those who can change with the times and use personal disappointments as building blocks for the future.”
“If both the people and the system are leaky, the chances for failure are great. Sometimes it is hard to know whether the problem is the person or the system that is failing.”
“TOO MANY PEOPLE COUNTING ON THE GOVERNMENT”
“As the night unfolds its cosmic spectacle, the moon stands in wonder, witnessing the graceful dance of stars upon the expansive canvas of the infinite blue ocean.”
“The desire for escape is not a plea for sacrifice, but a yearning to elude the shadows of fear, the sting of pain, and the enduring echoes of suffering.”
“In the grand opera of existence, those who yearn to sing will weave their own verses, creating harmonies that echo through the corridors of time.”
“Pay attention to yourself and your life. Make it what you want because the life you dream about isn’t going to fall into your lap. Go out and create it!”
“I praise the day I reach the end of my rope. That is the day true change can take place.”
“In leadership, you gotta love people first. Love the position second.”
“motivating people, forcing them to your will, give you a cynical attitude towards humanity. It degrades everything it touches.”
“Good loving leader asks inspiring questions from his mentees’ such questions that lead to discoveries”
“God as a leader has always been patient with those he leads from; Moses to Jonah, to Saul, to David.”
“Not to perceive obstacles as insurmountable barriers but as steps towards realizing a greater vision for a better society.”
“A soothing lullaby, a golden potion, as sweet as honey, an ethereal salve that calms the racing heart and transports it to the shores of peace.”
“Cyclones and floods carve tales of destruction, yet within the debris lies the indomitable spirit of humanity, rebuilding and rising, a symphony of hope echoing through the ruins.”
“In the delicate dance between development and nature, our steps must be gentle, echoing the intricate rhythms of the ecosystem. Only then can we create a world where peace, compassion, and empathy coexist.”
“Amidst life’s tempests, the art of graceful presentation emerges as a silent anthem of resilience, echoing the indomitable spirit that refuses to be overshadowed by adversity.”
“Within the sanctuary of love, life finds its purpose, and every heartbeat becomes a testament to the profound beauty of existence.”
“Life is a tapestry made of highs and lows, each thread adding to the beauty of our individual story.”
“Occurrence is normal, persistence isn’t”
“Let the morning sky shade be your favourite colour!”
“Time, the silent sculptor of fate, moulds our trials into triumphs, showing us that ‘everything happens for good’ in the grand narrative of existence.”
“Words pen the lyrics of the soul.”
“Embrace your own story, light up the dark, conquer your fears - take the journey to your next level, Win the battle against the end._ ”
“In the eternal dance of existence, creation unfolds as a continuous melody, orchestrating the symphony of life with each fleeting note.”
“Underachievement leads to noticeable behavioral changes usually dues to lack of motivation to excel in academic for one reason or the other”
“Adversities, experiences, and challenges function similarly to motivation by fueling actions, abilities, and achievements.”
“Underachieving hidden gems mostly require support and motivation to inspire them to achieve more or maintain consistency.”
“For underachieving super stars, multiplying what they know through teaching and building mastery contributes to their motivation and achievement.”
“In the Sharzelos Model, the first rule of underachievement reversal emphasizes that techniques used to reversing underachievement must promise a great response.”
“In reversing underachievement, keeping motivation and ability high is crucial, especially for underachieving students with great potential.”
“The second rule of underachievement reversal highlights that underachievers fall into various categories based on their motivation and ability levels at different times.”
“Initiating change is not about the multitude; it’s about the audacity of a few, for history attests that the course of humanity has often been altered by the hands of the bold and the determined.”
“I don’t read too much, but I stay glued to books on the average of five hours per day.”
“At dawn, let your heart take flight in gratitude, soaring through the day on the wings of love.”
“To understand another, delve into the unspoken realms, for there, in the silence, you’ll find the authentic tapestry of their existence.”
“In the tapestry of existence, music is the thread that weaves emotions into the fabric of our hearts, creating a symphony of peace that resonates through the soul.”
“Put yourself in places where you don't belong, get used to it now because you will get there.”
“Opportunities for growth will always arise during moments of change.”
“Silence is the new loud, and authenticity our battle cry.”
“Farewell, but not goodbye, as our paths may cross again.”
“Awkwardness is the new adventure, and growth is our guiding star.”
“Illuminate the beauty that lies within us...rediscovering the grace in being different.”
“Defy these preconceived notions and embrace your inner strength.”
“In the lexicon of life, ‘Mother’ is not just a word; it’s the embodiment of the purest emotions and the sweetest lullabies.”
“you either be strong or become strong, no other option”
“Every demeaning and blatantly false thing said about me has objectively been proven false”
“Leading is about people and their wellbeing the first foundation to the organisations wellbeing.”
“Understanding why you did a thing, he had heard it said many times, did not make it easier to do it. If anything the opposite was true.”
“The true poetry of love resides not in the uttered words but in the tender symphony that echoes within the spaces of unspoken understanding.”
“The echoes of falsehood are the whispers of a fearful heart. In essence, a liar is a soul seeking refuge from the storms of truth.”
“Communicate confidence in your current self but also a certainty that your future self will know better.”
“In our efforts to avoid pain, we inadvertently avoid the depths of our true selves. Embrace the pain because it leads to a deeper understanding of who you are beyond the shadows of suffering.”
“Never feel you are alone. We all have books, and our dreams and our passion.”
“A life well-lived is a testament to simplicity, where peace of mind flourishes, expectations diminish, and the soul finds solace in the gentle rhythm of simplicity.”
“In the symphony of humanity, understanding is the harmonious chord that bridges the gaps between hearts, allowing the music of empathy to resonate with the delicate notes of patience.”
“The fantasy of today is the reality of tomorrow”
“Learn from your past and be better because of your past but don't cry about your past. Life is full of pain, let the pain sharpen you, but don't hold on to it. Don't be bitter”
“Without initiative, the attainment of goals is uncertain.”
“Wisdom is available to those who can labor for her, she is expensive and hidden to the lazy mind.”
“Change should start with us that will eventually lead to a change in situation and circumstance and not the other way round.”
“Through the tapestry of time, love and death stand as the master weavers, altering the threads of our destinies with a tenderness that mends and a cruelty that rends, leaving no heart untouched by their transformative touch.”
“The weight of our worries lies not in the uncertainty of tomorrow, but in the futile attempt to tether the unpredictable winds of the future.”
“Change should start with us and will eventually lead to a change in situation and circumstance and not the other way around.”
“The greatest way to be inspired is being in touch with our sources – the creator.”
“The price of the secret of your success has been paid by someone; ride on their ladder.”
“Low minds look at issues from an offensive standpoint – superior minds have more to achieve whilst hardly getting offended. They attend to offense from a positive standpoint.”
“The saying of the word backed up by acting it out is the birth of a seed.”
“Time measures love in moments, but forgetting is a chapter that never closes.”
“My life is nurtured daily by books – it never left me the way I was.”
“The Journey of my life wasn’t a mistake; all that I went through cumulate to make me.”
“Feedback is the tonic of great champions; be humble to take the good, the bad, and the ugly of feedback.”
“Emotion is usually the reason, logic is often the excuse.”
“In the bitterness of the present, the seeds of future sweetness lie concealed.”
“Effective leadership requires both vision and action. It's about setting clear goals and creating habits to achieve them.”
“Turn obstacles into opportunities— and embrace failures along the journey to becoming a powerhouse. It's all part of the process!”
“Success isn't a zero-sum game. It's not about choosing between your dreams, your health, or your relationships. You can have it all by staying true to yourself.”
“True leaders don't command; they inspire.”
“Fear isn't a roadblock; it's a signpost pointing toward growth.”
“Confronting your fears is like unlocking doors that lead to unexpected possibilities and personal transformation.”
“Face your fears head-on, and you'll realize they're not obstacles but doorways to new chances.”
“Success is a team sport, not a solo endeavor.”
“Leadership isn't confined to a title—it's an attitude that permeates every action.”
“Be the leader who ignites positive change and inspires a collective drive toward success.”
“If I can do it, you can do it.”
“Why not’ is more powerful than ‘why’.”
“Wise words doesn't make you wise...It makes you a smart person!Wisdom makes you a gentleman.”
“Even the most influential person in a company's workforce will not be able to permanently compensate for the deficiencies of the corporate culture demonstrated by the company's management.”
“The journey of your life begins the moment you start living out your vision”
“The most incredible service you can render to yourself is to clearly define WHY you are here and live it out.”
“One of the worst things you can do against yourself in life is to dream small.”
“Once a man can accurately and clearly define his path, follow through the path, the rest of the journey becomes like a miracle.”
“The most beautiful glow a person can have is the light of their heart.”
“Anxiety finds its roots in our relentless desire to hold the reins of the future, not in the uncertainty it holds.”
“In the realm of giving, true generosity means giving abundantly, and in taking, it’s the humility of accepting just enough.”
“The tapestry of our existence is woven with the threads of our preconceived joys and sorrows, for it is our choices that cast the die of our emotional journey.”
“Business is about putting you into action.”I was watching X-Factor auditioning and one of the contestants was engulfed in performing his lyrics, it did done on me that business is about putting you into action.”
“Barriers only enjoy the power we WILL to it, the moment you decide to withdraw the power, you will surely become a free man.”
“A bounded team can take up an idea or a vision and actualize it.”
“Understanding is the most profound gift of love, for it opens the heart’s door to the intricate beauty of another soul.”
“If you don't fail at least 90 percent of the time, you're not aiming high enough.”
“Real dreamers do not quit, but a belly dreamer does.”
“We do not have money problem, the problem we have as humans is knowledge and wisdom problem, ignorance is darkness.”
“Without information on the go; your success in any chosen field is left to chance.”
“That gift is not just for you; the world needs your talent, your creativity, the deposit of God in your life is meant to light up the world.”
“The world gives way to action-oriented people, you are not successful yet because you have not taken action on the idea begging you for exploit.”
“The risk from all ventures makes the outcome shine more brightly; the higher the risk the higher the brightness.”
“It is in winning the battle of life that man becomes a hero, not in running from them – life’s battles are life exams.”
“To be great in any endeavor, passion is not negotiable.”
“Where God has spoken, the voice and wisdom of man is irrelevant.”
“Absence of focus equals scattered energy.”
“Greatness is the outcome of a sincere, committed, and consistent effort over time.”
“Not money first, preparation precedes opportunity, or else when opportunity showcases itself, it would not be recognized.”
“Amidst the storms of life, I find solace in a place where your love endures.”
“Giving up is for the weak-minded. Letting go is for the strong-minded.”
“I am wonderful, I deserve to be wonderful, and I contain multitudes.”
“In the ebb and flow of love, setting someone free is the ultimate act of trust. It’s the fine line that separates fated love from fleeting love.”
“Destiny will open the way for people who have hope, determination and will. Fate will drown people who have no intention, ambition and motivation.”
“Destiny will open the way for people who have hope and determination. Fate will drown people who have no intention, ambition and motivation.”
“Don’t be afraid to restart. It’s an opportunity to start from scratch and create something better.”
“Just as the moon bears its hidden face, we too harbour unseen depths within us.”
“Entrepreneurs who devote themselves with dedication and passion to work 'on' their company and the people working in it create the conditions for sustainable growth and success.”
“People who go to work primarily for their income are eager to put in the effort required for it. But people who believe in the company and its purpose are emotionally committed and want to contribute effectively.”
“The greatest obstacles to an entrepreneur’s good intentions for long-term behavioural change are the many attractive short-term business opportunities that arise.”
“Effective corporate culture does not begin with feel-good or happiness management. It starts with awareness, consistency and authenticity at the top of the company.”
“It is a fundamental mistake when companies with leadership problems, with inconsistent or exhausting management use incentives or well-being measures as a last resort instead of changing their leadership style or culture.”
“Successful entrepreneurs recognise which business elements need to be maintained, and where changes need to be brought about.”
“On the one hand, many people show great enthusiasm for strategy development, but on the other hand, a large proportion of them have used up this enthusiasm by the time of implementation at the latest.”
“The successful entrepreneur manages to strike the right balance between preservation and renewal.”
“Every entrepreneur leads, but not every leader acts as an entrepreneur, because even leaders are not constantly interested in creating something new.”
“Successful management of the company's evolution and transformation is the core task of entrepreneurs. But it is also one of the greatest weaknesses in many places.”
“Entrepreneurs who succeed in employing and promoting the right people for the work within their business and in establishing an appropriate corporate organizational surrounding create the conditions for healthy growth.”
“Those who dedicate themselves to planting and nurturing culture, people and organisation will reap significant growth and change.”
“Companies that do not anticipate the conditions of the VUCA world are on a direct path to losing their competitiveness.”
“Those who lead a company essentially must do two things. They must ensure that they achieve the greatest possible demand with innovative products, and they must ensure that their company can handle the greatest possible demand with confidence.”
“The best leader cannot provide the necessary constant renewal if he or she lacks entrepreneurial skills.”
“Being a good leader does not automatically mean being a good entrepreneur, because as such you also must ensure constant change and successful transformation.”
“Experienced entrepreneurs understand how to treat risk as a decision for a benefit, accepting a future loss with a determinable probability of occurrence and an uncertain magnitude.”
“Business superheroes are strong, courageous and persevering, but still can’t make big and complex things happen successfully on their own.”
“When you have a bad day. Give up.”
“With the right attitude, you can turn any goal into reality!”
“Discipline breeds courage and confidence, while complacency brings fear and doubt. If you want to conquer your fears, don't wait for the right time - make it happen now.”
“Courage is taking the first step, even when you don't know what lies ahead; It's about having the inner strength to take a leap of faith, even when you're not sure what's coming next.”
“Seek out positive energy whenever possible — surround yourself with optimism and fill your days with positivity!”
“Embarking on a journey of a thousand miles begins with one bold step.”
“Developing good habits and building upon them is crucial for making sustainable progress. The key is to stay consistent with your routine!”
“Success isn’t measured by a single accomplishment —Take bold leaps, even when faced with uncertainty.”
“Create your own destiny by staying true to yourself— find inspiration from within fueled by self-belief and unstoppable determination!”
“Believe in yourself and make it happen — greatness is achieved when you refuse to take no for an answer.”
“A True Powerhouse Never Surrenders have courage, stay strong, and win every battle along your path to success.”
“Be unstoppable — challenge yourself to push the boundaries of what's possible.”
“Surround yourself with positivity and tap into the power of affirmations! They can help shift your mindset and unlock your inner potential.”
“Dream big and aim higher, give the universe permission to show you what's possible if you don't limit yourself!”
“Our beliefs shape our reality so let's believe anything is possible and make it happen!”
“Doing less doesn't mean achieving less. But it's all about focusing on the essentials and letting go of the unnecessary stuff.”
“True strength lies not in the absence of emotions, but in the ability to understand, embrace, and wisely navigate them.”
“Being indecisive can hold you back. It's like chains that keep you from moving forward and growing. It's all fueled by fear, stopping you from taking those crucial steps towards progress.”
“Self-sabotage steals our potential, hiding in doubt and fear, blocking our path to greatness.”
“Effective communication is the compass of leadership, guiding the way to collective success.”
“Even when we are mired in despair, unwavering acts of compassion are the lights that guide us back to the surface of hope.”
“She's living That life,with the view, she designed.”
“He sometimes keeps Her off of the sky,But then She teaches Him how to fly.”
“Keep on going. Don’t be discouraged. Borrow a leaf from a determined tourist who must get to their destination despite not being conversant with the routes to it.”
“I contend that the only thing holding people back from exploring infinite divergence is their will to do so.”
“Amidst the tranquil dawn, the sun’s gentle rays breathe life into dew-kissed leaves, a reminder that beauty awakens in subtlety.”
“We applaud perfection yet we learn more from the journey.”
“Paddy fields sway gracefully in the cool, gentle breeze, a dance of nature’s elegance.”
“The air resonates with the harmonious chorus of birds, their dance on branches an ode to the timeless symphony of existence.”
“Imitation preceded creation.”
“The scariest moment is always just before you start.After that, things can only get better.”
“If you chronically inhabit your void, burnout is a predictable consequence.”
“Mutually exclusive refers to opposing behaviors, actions, or states of being that cannot take place simultaneously. For example, you cannot do what you love and do what you loathe at the same time.”
“Just as you need to add logs to a fire to maintain it, you need to feed your passion to keep it burning strong.”
“Our identity is the canvas, and our purpose is the masterpiece we paint on it, evolving with each stroke of self-discovery.”
“Connections are the threads that weave the tapestry of our existence, and in their gentle care, we find the warmth that makes life’s fabric whole.”
“Having thousands of birds in the sky doesn't stop you from flying your kite.”
“Like a dark cloud before the pour, adversity often heralds the cleansing rain of resilience and strength.”
“Not trusting people does not make you a badperson, not trusting people prevents youfrom becoming a broken and a bad person.”
“The light peeking through the gloomy cloud serves as a reminder that even amidst life’s challenges, there is always a glimmer of possibility and beauty.”
“It's like suggesting we put seat belts on all the chairs in a library - both safe, just in very different ways!”
“In the diverse gallery of urban surprises, spotting a crocodile inside a swimming pool is just another masterpiece on the canvas of quirky city life.”
“While the enlightened develop a dynamic mindset to flow with time and live free, those in the dark stick to a static mindset and live in fear.”
“Time is a serious phenomena, unending nights and days.Why use finite numbers (calendar) to measure endless time?Man needs a break and some excitement.”
“Sandcastle with a teaspoon?”
“In the boundless sky, the wind knows no boundaries; it flows freely, seeking solace in the embrace of nature’s mysteries.”
“Change is the chisel that shapes our lives, carving the way for our evolution and growth, even though it may be uncomfortable.”
“In the stillness of a quiet moment, allow your soul to speak, and you will find the Atman, the eternal self, whispering its truths.”
“Falling out of meditation is easy, much like losing luck or drifting into sleep. You often can't precisely pinpoint how it happens but know miracles have ceased to work in your favor.”
“Successful leaders don't just think outside the box; they create new boxes to paint their vision of the future. They make themselves and their belief system so contagious that others can't help but to follow them along on the journey.”
“Don’t let fear prevent you from taking action – trust yourself and have the courage to move forward and see what happens.”
“Resilience is the ability to overcome and adapt to change — embrace challenges, keep learning, and Don’t give up!”
“Don't let distractions throw you off your game! Find your flow and make it count.”
“It's never too late to start fresh! Embrace every chance to grow, take risks, and never ever give up!”
“Persistence is the key to success - fear and failures act as your guide to reach the next level.”
“Facing adversity with courage will help you stay focused on your end goal — don't be afraid to take the road less traveled.”
“Leadership is not only about guiding those who are struggling, but also motivating those who have already achieved success to strive for more.”
“Khud se jeetne ki zid h khudko hi hrana h ,M bheed nhi hu duniya ki mere andar zamana h.”
“Body is the temple, soul is god rest are perceptions.”
“An alignment crisis happens when we remain chronically misaligned with our purpose.”
“Music is a celestial gift of the supreme, a melody that transcends time and touches the soul.”
“Nature’s cycle, a poetic reflection of life’s eternal dance.”
“Mongooses lack the larynx and jaws for speech, to say nothing of the motivation.”
“The actions will help you to go after what you want to achieve. Remember, your focus is on efforts and not on outcomes!”
“All around us, everyday heroes have overcome many things in their lives. Someone's story could be a source of inspiration for you and make you feel motivated.”
“Should you have lost some of your fire over the years, you should reclaim it. Better yet, make the fire inside bigger than it ever was before!”
“The pain of losing a friend is like a tear in the fabric of our heart, a reminder of the beautiful threads of connection that once bound us.”
“If you think you know everything, then look at the clouds hovering in the sky for a while, and then you will realize how ignorant you are.”
“Laziness breeds entitlement”
“Obstacles are stepping stones to resilience; with each challenge we conquer, we forge the path to our own strength.”
“Money, however, is not the only incentive that exists for career advancement, it is also the growth and personal development that one experiences through growing to attain those goals.”
“It’s not the activity that holds the key to finding your passion; it’s what your actions accomplish.”
“Your mindset touches nearly every aspect of your life, yet for the most part, you don’t realize it exists, or that most people come equipped with a different mindset than you.”
“We were never meant to be like each other. Instead, we’re perfectly designed to complement one another.”
“You are far more extraordinary than you have allowed yourself to believe. Every mindset is important, valuable, significant, and equipped with incredible gifts. Our world would not be as enjoyable, beautiful, or productive without any one mindset.”
“You aren’t a jumbled assortment of traits and characteristics. On the contrary, the various aspects of your being are sublimely interconnected.”
“To find out who you are, you must also see who you are not.”
“Your mindset helps you understand who you are by understanding the How, What, and Why aspects within you.”
“A mindset is an innate disposition governing how you expect people to behave (and not behave), what you are motivated to do (and not do), and why you do what you do (and the consequence if you do not).”
“Though you may value many principles, there is one you instinctively uphold above all others.”
“It’s not enough to know thyself. You must also be thyself.”
“The formula to end burnout is straightforward: maximize your passion and minimize your void.”
“When someone compromises your mindset principle, your “Grr!” reflex automatically kicks in. Just like your physiological reflexes, this psychological reflex serves and protects by safeguarding a virtue of humanity.”
“Purpose is heartfelt, benevolent, and personally meaningful to you. It’s a state of being that you desire for yourself, yet you recognize its importance in the world, and you want it for others too.”
“Purpose isn’t what you do. Purpose is your reason for doing something. It’s the why behind what you do.”
“While your passion gives you energy, your void sucks the life force out of you like a vampire, leaving you feeling depleted and disengaged.”
“No need for the hustle & grind when you can tap into your inner power & manifest what you desire with grace & ease.”
“Don't go at it alone, my friend. Look for allies who'll lend a hand, easing the burden with a peaceful flow instead of pushing you into that grind-hustle cycle.”
“Excellence requires growth.Growth requires learning.Learning requires change...Change is inextricably imbued with risk.Risk implies that failure is possible, if not likely.But, Great & Good frontload the risk.”
“When someone is walking beside us, we have more courage to walk into the unknown and to risk the dark and messy places in our journey.”
“Maybe you asking yourself about your prosperity think about who you’re on getting it, rain is coming for everyone”
“Faith, the guardian knot of the human spirit, unwavering amidst cosmic ebb and flow, is the wellspring of our profound emotions, guiding us through the boundless depths of existence.”
“Extend a helping hand to those in need today so that the universe can reach out to you when you are in need.”
“The five magicians, a motivational book that will change you forever. If you want to be successful and see the path that leads to it, you must read this book, written with great skill by Bruis Cabilio. The book is available on Amazon.”
“no struggle is harderthan survival for our existence..”
“No pain, no progress.”
“Stay dedicated even when the motivation fades. That’s true progress.”
“Gratitude is the heartfelt appreciation for the teachers and parents whose guidance and sacrifice have shaped our future.’ On this Teacher’s Day, we thank you for lighting the path of knowledge and love, forever illuminating our journey.”
“They say" doesn't translate into "I must".”
“Be motivated by igniting thought into acton”
“Keep beginning, re-creating every day, and the rest will fall into place”
“What do you mean by "Back in my day?" Today is your day. So is tomorrow.”
“Let age be your motivator, not your excuse.”
“OM, the eternal melody of love, compassion, and bliss, resonates within the soul, harmonising the symphony of existence.”
“Sip the morning’s first cup of joy, where lemony whispers meet the sweet embrace of honey, and you’ll find the perfect blend to awaken your day.”
“Beware the ripples left by a startling revelation; they have the power to reshape your world.”
“You the only person who have the dynamic love of shaking the mountains of your heart about you.”
“In the vast expanse of life, we often find ourselves navigating wild, uncharted waters, where adventure and discovery await those who dare to explore.”
“You may be famous today, but nobody knows what tomorrow beckons. Enjoy your fame, but stay humble – time won’t bloom for you forever.”
“To fathom the essence of life’s beauty, we must plunge beneath the superficial. Real treasures are veiled, waiting to be discovered by those who dare to explore.”
“It's okay to fall apart - those who never fall apart, never fly afar.”
“Embrace the new way: firm boundaries and selective 'no's. Say goodbye to overextending and sacrificing quality. Say hello to reclaiming your time, energy, and focus on what truly matters.”
“Say goodbye to chaos and embrace purposeful organization. Make sure your plans align with your values and goals to conquer the path to success. Take charge and make every step count!”
“Transform from fragmented to a powerhouse with a holistic approach. Weaving core values, purposeful goals, intentional choices, and strategic planning, unlock your potential and become the best version of yourself!”
“Hang out with your beliefs”
“I arise to face my failures every morning, but I never fail to face them”
“The only way to know what you're doing is to be prepared”
“When I have clarity, I can begin again every time”
“Regardless of the details of your story, your time bank is growing smaller every day. You are the manufacturer! You have the power to set the tone and control the factory floor.”
“Brahma Yoga enables me to incorporate habits into my own personalized ritual, and through reflection, empowers me to enrich my life”
“I have great willpower, as I know the sky is my mirror and my spirit is its reflection”
“Time dances to its rhythm, and as the sun sets on every life, let us embrace the beauty of impermanence.”
“Always have your internal tiara on and have a queendom mindset. Your castle which is your mind, body and soul is a no negativity zone.”
“Propose not oppose. Input not dispute. Your leadership vocabulary on makes a difference.”
“In a world full of distractions, pause and feel the world around you—the gentle rhythm of raindrops, the laughter of children, and the pulse of humanity’s collective heartbeat.”
“Live authentically, think deeply, have confidence in your abilities, and stay laser-focused on finding clarity. That's the secret recipe for long-lasting success!”
“Consistency is the secret sauce - taking small sometimes messy steps paves the way for bigger achievements in the long run.”
“Take aligned actions that echo your core values, igniting a spark that inspires others to do the same.”
“Achieving sustainable success isn't just about working hard; it's about working smart too! High-performance habits can really make a difference!”
“Practice self-care to maintain high levels of energy & motivation throughout the day!”
“Tap into the power of time clarity. Just set a timer, track your progress, and see firsthand how you can achieve greatness in short bursts of productivity.”
“To achieve long-lasting success, you need a resilient mindset and an unstoppable spirit.”
“Don't forget to have fun! Remember, taking breaks and enjoying yourself will help increase your ability to stay resilient.”
“Journaling is a great way to process any emotions that come up during challenging times – it can also help boost resilience.”
“Success takes action; it is not enough to simply dream. Let your every step ignite the spark that ignites change, as actions speak louder than words.”
“Don’t wait for someone else to make it happen - own your own destiny by becoming a leader in your own life.”
“You are capable of achieving anything! Just focus on developing yourself through personal leadership for long-lasting success.”
“Affirmations are like vitamins for your soul. Take your dose every morning and fuel your spirit.”
“Please remember: when you are so afraid to run that even your fluffy ears and tail are shaking, that is exactly the moment you must do it. Otherwise, you will be left on the starting line all the time.”
“Just being on the right track isn't enough to guarantee success. You must keep moving forward and taking action, or you'll get left behind.”
“Clarity gives you the courage to pursue your dreams and the power to make them a reality — now is the time to get clear on what you want!”
“It takes courage to break unhealthy habits and replace them with healthier ones — stick to it, and keep moving forward with determination”
“Leadership is an ongoing journey — have courage, stay humble, and always strive to be the best version of yourself”
“Trust in your abilities, and don't be afraid to take bold steps forward towards the life you envision. With every step you take, you'll discover a new level of strength and resilience within yourself.”
“One small act of influence can have a ripple effect beyond what could ever have been imagined — use its power wisely!”
“Your courage will lead you to places where your comfort zone cannot take you.”
“Focus beyond the finish line — celebrate incremental progress along the way for sustained motivation.”
“Small wins lead to a big mindset shift - from 'I can't' to 'I can'. Celebrate them all.”
“Don't wait for opportunities to come knocking on your door. Create your own and make things happen.”
“Leadership is not just about achieving success for yourself, it's about helping others achieve success as well.”
“Make time to reflect on the impact that your habits have on yourself and others— then adjust accordingly when needed!”
“Have the courage to take risks, because if you don't, you'll never know what lies beyond your comfort zone.”
“Your past does not define your future. Learn from your mistakes, let go of what no longer serves you, and create a brighter tomorrow.”
“Keep your vision clear, stay committed to your beliefs, and always lead with integrity. The rest will fall into place.”
“True leadership is not about commanding authority, it's about earning respect.”
“Integrity must always be seen in action and never in question.”
“Consistency, not gurus. Discipline, not motivation. Action, not information, is the key.”
“Not giving up is like continuous practice ꓽ you get better in the end.”
“For you to be propelled to greater heights in life there are some things you don’t learn in school —like learning not to quit.”
“If you want to learn about patriarchal families, you don't ask the father, you ask the mother; then maybe you will learn something.”
“Unlocking Success: Embracing Consistency and Productivity for a Fulfilling Life”
“Greatest motivation is self-motivation.”
“How can we become writers if we do not believe ourselves, first of all, that we can write and that the qualities of a writer can flourish in us?”
“Tap into the boundless power of your core values, ignite purpose-driven actions, and unlock limitless success.”
“Align your ambitions with purpose. Chase goals that ignite your motivation, drive, and satisfaction. Let your journey be nothing short of amazing!”
“Embrace the power of true North decisions. Say goodbye to impulsiveness, fuel your journey with purpose, and let every choice be a stepping stone to an empowered path of growth and success!”
“The great lie of youth: that it will last.”
“The young never fully appreciate what they mean to the old until they are old.”
“You may treat the past and future as realities, but they are only realities in your memory and imagination. Only the present exists.”
“With each passing moment, an infinity of potentialities become just one reality, your life narrowing with each tick of the clock.”
“Time: life’s inexorable weapon of humiliation.”
“Life is hard because it cannot last, because it must not last. Its very definition is that which lies tenuously between nonexistence and nonexistence.”
“You exist to be cared for only to a point, and with a purpose: that one day you might care for others.”
“All fame is is being known by people you don’t know, and what’s so great about that?”
“No one appreciates anonymity as much as those who have lost it, and you only get to lose it once.”
“Why do we so desire fame? Because we desire to matter.”
“Wealth and fame may be consequences of success, but they are not success itself. You want to be great? Great. Why?”
“Whatever you find yourself doing at any moment is the most important thing in the world to you at that moment.”
“Easy things do not call us to great action, because they are too easy to require great action.”
“Don’t fear high expectations; embrace them. Choose to do hard things.”
“Learn to mock your influence on the world or wait for the world to do it for you; you won’t have to wait long.”
“Sit around too long thinking about how to begin and you’ll consume all your provisions while your ship rots in the harbor.”
“Why leave the comfort of the harbor? Because you are a ship captain, and a ship captain sails.”
“To be called is to be drawn by something outside yourself, something bigger than yourself.”
“You may not have the power to do anything or everything you would like, but you do have the power to do something.”
“You can’t conjure up moments of clarity at will, but you can make a habit of quieting yourself and giving them the opportunity to occur.”
“An essential part of figuring out who you are is taking your eyes off yourself and seeing everything that is not you.”
“Forget yourself, and you may just find what you were made to be and do.”
“A lazy man often lacks the motivation to fight the very thing that has sapped him of his motivation.”
“A man long enough sedated may no longer even realize he’s being sedated, or want to.”
“Entertainment is often just a cheap way to quench our natural thirst for meaning by encouraging us to exercise passivity when we ought to act with passion.”
“Meaning is not found in passivity. You must track it down with fervent pursuit and fierce endurance. Meaning must be earned.”
“It always works when you know what you're doing”
“I've realized that you might have big waves, and you may have small waves. But it never matters because the waves always break. And what if they don't? That just means that you must keep swimming until your wave appears.”
“Your legacy is not simply a matter of what you do but a matter of who you do it for.”
“It is no great accomplishment to take care of yourself—I’ve known children of ten or twelve who can do that. To become a true adult, you must become more than independent; you must become dependable.”
“You are not truly yourself until you no longer define yourself in others’ terms.”
“Courage is simply the commitment to do the right thing even when it is difficult.”
“If you believe that the show you’remaking will improve the world, there’s nothing saying that your goals andself-interests and someone else’s goals and interests have to be mutuallyexclusive. They can align.”
“Fear gets feverish, attain such height.Haters go blind, burn so bright.Courage isn't absence of fear,courage is to overcome fear.Birds get jealous, fly to such heights.”
“Time is a slimy wimy thing,Life is a blessy messy thing.Love is a happy crappy thing,Mind is a mighty fighty thing.”
“Be your own armor,Be your motivator.Your are the tideof impossible light,You are your carburetor.”
“I'll find out the truth,' Leta whispered into the black. 'I promise, Mother.”
“I only cry once when I get hurt by the same thing at first.”
“Enemies aren't a drawback to the one who takes notes from them.”
“If you wish to leave a legacy, the things you do cannot matter only to you.”
“A legacy, by definition, must matter to others, because a legacy is something you leave behind—you won’t be here anymore to think it’s important.”
“When the storm rages in the dark night, a voice on the wind will ask, “Who are you?”, and the quality and depth of your answer will determine whether you stand firm or flounder.”
“Anxiety and depression are your friends. They tell you there is something undone that must be done, something you must do. They demand action.”
“When you don’t know who you are, do something, something that seems worth doing, and keep doing that until you figure out who you are, or at least who you would like to be.”
“Life is amply confusing on its own; don’t create confusion where it doesn’t exist. You don’t get to make the world whatever you wish it to be. You don’t get to make yourself whatever you wish to be.”
“Not everything put into you is good or right, but it is good enough, and it is all important.”
“Learn to recognize useless guides without getting sanctimonious about it. There are good reasons there are bad adults; be thankful you are ignorant of a great many of them.”
“Once you know who you are, you need not fear being misunderstood, or isolated, or bullied. You won’t care whether others respect you, because you know who you are.”
“Life is a risk. Life is also punctuated by moments of great risk, and your identity and legacy are shaped by how you respond in those critical moments.”
“Failing to recognize moments of great risk is like dancing in the dark. You may be on solid ground, or you may be twirling at the verge of a precipice—you don’t know.”
“Your moments of great risk are not yours alone. The decisions you make in those moments are of great import to a great many people—people of great import to you.”
“You are not special, but you are unique.”
“An honest life starts with an honest assessment of self. You are neither worthless nor preeminent but somewhere in between.”
“Success and failure are derived not from anything you possess but rather by the things you do. Your successes and failures rest on your actions and your actions alone.”
“There is never the potential for success without a corresponding potential for failure.”
“You should neither attempt to justify a bad risk because it turned out well nor regret too much a good risk that turned out badly.”
“Perhaps the only thing we might legitimately lament in an old man’s death would be his failure to have used his time well.”
“Successful people don't let fear paralyze them. They feel it, acknowledge it, and use it as motivation to keep pushing forward.”
“Change your perspective on influence – it is a tool that can be used to build meaningful relationships, move conversations in new directions, and bring out the best in people.”
“Success begins with action – turn your thoughts into reality and make your dreams come true by putting plans into motion!”
“Invest in yourself and make progress – use small steps to move towards bigger goals.”
“Action-oriented thinking leads to lasting change - set yourself up for success by committing to executing your plans with purpose.”
“The power of influence lies within each person, allowing them to build something beautiful and impactful when harnessed correctly.”
“Confidence isn't a destination — it's a journey, and you have the power to decide which path to take.”
“Taking care of your mental health empowers you to take on any challenge that comes your way - no matter how unexpected.”
“It only takes one step towards a dream for possibilities to open up — stay focused on that goal no matter what gets in your way!”
“Find your flow, trust in yourself, and let your passion guide you towards the life you've always dreamed of.”
“We’re all on our own journey, so never forget to love yourself enough and make every moment count.”
“Own your power, take action toward your goals, and watch them become a reality.”
“Feeling overwhelmed? Take action. By breaking tasks into manageable steps, you can conquer overwhelm and achieve your goals.”
“Don't underestimate the power of seemingly insignificant wins - they have the potential to shift everything.”
“The path to success is paved with hard work, persistence, and a willingness to take action.”
“Productivity is about focusing on what truly matters and taking inspired action toward your definition of success.”
“Remember to prioritize self-care and rest, as they are essential components of success. By taking time to refuel, you'll be able to perform better and reach your goals faster.”
“Embrace your desires and strive for greatness, but do so with grace and ease. Be kind to yourself, and understand that setbacks are a natural part of any journey.”
“Dream big, act bigger — don't let challenges or failures stop you from realizing your ambitions!”
“One small act of influence can have a ripple effect beyond what could ever have been imagined — use its power wisely”
“Focus beyond the finish line — celebrate incremental progress along the way for sustained motivation!”
“Take responsibility for your actions and strive to become even better every day — this is the key to lasting success!”
“Success belongs to those who dream big and focus on what matters most.”
“Simplify your goals, focus on the top three, demolish the main obstacle, and stay fiercely determined.”
“Don't wait for success to find you; instead, identify the skills and knowledge you need to achieve your dreams. Pursue them relentlessly, and watch as you exceed your wildest expectations.”
“Dreaming is easy, hammering out concrete details is hard.”
“Limits can be great for inspiring creative solutions.”
“Find joy in the simplest of things, for happiness lies in appreciating life's small wonders.”
“Life is a precious gift. Don't waste it by playing small. Aim for greatness.”
“The greatest failure in life is not trying at all. Dare to chase your dreams.”
“Adventure is calling, and it's time to answer with courage and enthusiasm.”
“Success is not about luck; it's about perseverance and relentless determination.”
“Life is too short to live in fear. Take risks, embrace change, and live fully.”
“Dream big, work hard, and stay humble. Success will follow.”
“Be curious, be adventurous, and never stop exploring the world around you.”
“Surround yourself with positive influences and watch your life transform.”
“Success is not about reaching the top; it's about lifting others up along the way.”
“Life is too precious to be spent dwelling on the past. Live in the present and create a brighter future.”
“Adversity reveals our true strength and resilience. Embrace it as a catalyst for growth.”
“Success is not guaranteed, but neither is failure. Take a chance and see where it leads you.”
“Success is not about being better than others; it's about being the best version of yourself.”
“Embrace uncertainty, for it is the gateway to growth and transformation.”
“Life is a canvas. Paint it with colors that bring you joy.”
“Live your life as if every day is an adventure.”
“The best way to predict your future is to create it with passion and purpose.”
“Success is not about the destination; it's about the person you become along the way.”
“Life is like a camera. Focus on what's important and capture the good times.”
“Success is not about the applause; it's about how you feel about yourself.”
“Adventure awaits those who seek it with an open heart.”
“Success is not an overnight phenomenon; it's the result of consistent effort over time.”
“Failure is not the end; it's a stepping stone towards success.”
“Each month brings its own sacred mercies.”
“The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be.”
“Live life on your terms, make decisions based on facts and not on opinions, and blaze your own path.”
“Life can feel unpredictable and overwhelming, but staying mindful can put you in the driver's seat.”
“Remember, the darkest nights produce the brightest stars. Embrace your struggle and let your light shine.”
“Challenges are not roadblocks; they are stepping stones on the path to greatness.”
“Struggle breeds resilience, and resilience paves the way for triumph.”
“A diamond shines brightest after enduring immense pressure.”
“Within every struggle lies an opportunity for growth and self-discovery.”
“The struggle is not a sign of weakness but a testament to your determination.”
“Embrace the struggle, for it molds you into the person you are meant to be.”
“When faced with adversity, remember that stars shine brightest in the darkest skies.”
“The struggle may be tough, but so are you. Keep pushing forward.”
“The struggle is the catalyst for change and the birthplace of innovation.”
“Strength grows in the moments when you think you can't go on, but you keep going anyway.”
“Greatness is not achieved without conquering the battles that come your way.”
“The struggle is the canvas upon which our character is painted.”
“Just as a butterfly emerges from its cocoon, your struggles can lead to beautiful transformation.”
“Within every struggle lies an opportunity for resilience, growth, and personal evolution.”
“Struggle is the fire that tempers the steel of our determination.”
“Every struggle carries within it the seeds of wisdom and strength.”
“The struggle shapes us, but it does not define us. We define ourselves through how we overcome.”
“Embrace failure as a stepping stone towards growth and wisdom. It's a necessary part of the journey.”
“Success is not about how fast you reach your goals; it's about how much you enjoy the ride.”
“Life is meant to be an adventure. Seek experiences that ignite your soul.failure, inspiration, life, motivation, pep-talk-radio, struggle, success, passion, adventure”
“Don't be afraid to go against the grain. It's in the unconventional that greatness often lies.”
“Success is not about the destination; it's about the person you become in the process.”
“Life is too short to be lived in the confines of your comfort zone. Break free and explore.”
“Don't let fear of failure hold you back. Embrace it as a stepping stone towards success.”
“Every day is an opportunity for new adventures. Seize them with open arms.”
“Success is not about the applause; it's about the satisfaction that comes from knowing you gave it your all.”
“Life is an ongoing journey of self-discovery. Embrace the lessons and keep evolving.”
“Embrace the unknown, for it is where true growth and transformation happen.”
“Success is not about achieving perfection; it's about making progress and learning from failures.”
“The splendour of life is often experienced after you have overcome the challenges in your path.”
“Things may not be going well in your life, but you are still alive. That is all that matters. Look for every opportunity possible to find happiness in your path.”
“This is life, figure out what needs to be done and do it right; that is how you live a fruitful life.”
“This is your only chance to give life your best shot. Do not miss it at all!”
“This life does not have a best friend. It only has voyagers who travel from their date of birth until their date of death.”
“Watching drama play out from afar could seem fun, but it can be very sad if it is in your life. Avoid any form of drama and stay away from those who fuel it with their lies.”
“Whatever you do, do it right. If it comes back to you later in life, you will be glad you did what was right.”
“When life seems hard, work hard to overcome those hardships. Yes, it may take a while for the breakthroughs to come to pass, but when you do what you must and do it right, one day you will be super proud.”
“When the right people walk into your life, the right things start to happen.”
“When you are surrounded by those who make life easy, you will enjoy it. But in the company of those who complicate things, life will not be easy.”
“When you compete with others in life, you miss the chance to complete your own race with grace.”
“When you feel all alone and in the dark, never give up. When the time is right, life will grant you great rewards.”
“When you rewrite the story of your life, make sure the new chapters are better than the old ones.”
“When you rewrite the story of your life, make sure the new chapters are much better than the old ones.”
“Work hard now so that in the evening of your life, you can still enjoy the sunrise.”
“You know you have mastered the art of life when you refuse to be the one who points fingers, and decide to be the one who helps find the right answers.”
“Your life is your business. Take care of it and treat it like serious business. Do not get too involved in other people’s businesses and neglect yours in the process.”
“It takes some time to succeed in life because true success is not just about the money, but also about the great lessons learned on the path to success.”
“Identify your top three goals and demolish the number one obstacle. Stay laser-focused and fiercely determined on your objective, and success will be yours for the taking.”
“Whether you want to double down on previous successes, address significant challenges, or embark on new endeavors, identify your top three goals.”
“Don’t wait for success to find you. Identify the skills and knowledge you need, pursue them relentlessly, and watch as you surpass your wildest dreams.”
“Don’t let unfinished business weigh you down. Finish what you started and unlock the door to limitless possibilities.”
“Reflect on the impact you make each day. Ask yourself, if someone replaced you today, what would they bring? Strive for excellence, build your skills, and own your success.”
“Time is the fuel of life. Use it wisely, prioritize your tasks, and unlock your full potential.”
“Transform your life, one habit at a time. Develop daily practices that align with your goals, stay consistent, and become unstoppable.”
“Obstacles are opportunities in disguise. Stay motivated, stay productive, and hold yourself accountable for your success. With every challenge, you grow stronger and closer to your goals.”
“In the depths of struggle, we discover the true strength that resides within us.”
“The struggle you face today is the strength you will carry tomorrow.”
“Make it your sole intention to be part of the solution. When you learn how to efficiently solve problems, you will attract many opportunities.”
“In life, some questions do not require you to get answers from outside. They need you to search on the inside.”
“In recent years, it has become increasingly difficult to digest some situations because of people who make assumptions about life's conditions based solely on screenshots, oblivious to what occurred before those screenshots.”
“It is hard to define life entirely, but what I know about life is that it will give you a chance to define yourself. So do your level best to put yourself out there.”
“It is okay not to be okay when things are not okay in your life.”
“It is significant to look after yourself and your significant others. In the process, do away with the insignificant things in life.”
“It is vital to be useful in life because when you do not use your gifts, you become useless.”
“Learn to allow some chapters in your life to close so you can start new, beautiful chapters.”
“Learn to prohibit anything that hinders your progress in life.”
“Life is a one-way trip with no return ticket. Always remember that you are in transit.”
“Never desire someone else’s life. You have no clue what they have been through. You may also not fully understand what they are going through.”
“The essence of life is to live it, not as a competition but as a race. In this race, you can crawl, walk, or run the best way you deem fit, as long as you are moving forward.”
“Never let the tragedies of life transform you into a human tragedy.”
“No amount of wealth is worth your life. Never sell your soul in exchange for a fat cheque. Remember that you can only enjoy that wealth when you are alive.”
“No matter the difficulties you face, do not be a difficult person. Choose to make life easy for others.”
“Not everything will make sense in life; that does not mean you should accept nonsense.”
“One act of kindness can change or even save someone's life. Be kind to yourself and others!”
“Precious moments with precious people can help you realize how precious life can be.”
“Save your life. Stay away from people who do not like to see you smile.”
“Self-evaluation helps you identify areas that need attention in your life. So, make time to learn more about who you are.”
“Shortcuts can cut your life short. Avoid them at all costs.”
“Showing some people, the door when their time in your life is up is not a crime; it is a proactive stance to save your life.”
“Some things will feel too good to be true, but never feel bad about them because you also deserve good things in life.”
“Heart, brain and backbone,if you have these three,you have everything to succeed.”
“Sometimes life will make you smile, and other times it will make you frown. Life has its ups and downs. Yours is to make every day count.”
“Sometimes life will require that you walk a million miles. Do it, no matter how hard it becomes. One day, you will look back and be proud that you were able to do that.”
“Sometimes people will come into your life asking for your help, only for them to put you in a mess. Help yourself by all means; do not allow anyone’s mess to leave you in distress.”
“Sometimes the more you do good, the more tragedies you will experience in life, but you can sleep well at night knowing you have done your best to help others.”
“The quality of your thoughts determines how far you can go in life.”
“When you do your due diligence to make a difference, you will live a life of elegance.”
“You can make a difference even with your silence. Life is not always about making unnecessary noise. What matters is what you do to make a difference.”
“Appreciate the lessons brought to you by the courtesy of life. Some came through sweat and blood, but significant for your path.”
“If you can endure the process and look back with a clear thought process, you will realize that some of life's best lessons came from a place where you were rejected.”
“In your life, there are things you never expected yet they happened. That is because they needed to happen for you to learn some necessary lessons.”
“Learn to be open-minded. Master the right lessons and do not ignore the red flags, for they can hinder your progress.”
“Life is a mandatory school for the living. Everyone is a learner because every day, life offers mandatory lessons.”
“Life offers many free lessons, but most people would rather pay the heavy price of ignorance because they cannot pay attention to the subtle lessons of life.”
“Life will always teach you good lessons and if you are a good learner, you will become wiser.”
“What distinguishes the wise from the unwise is their ability to embrace life’s distinctive lessons.”
“Know who you are; it will help you live a good life.”
“Life comes once. Live wisely.”
“Life is a one-way road with no reverse option, so live it with caution and avoid any commotion.”
“Life is a temporary trip through this world, so do not live as if you are a permanent resident.”
“Life is easy when you live among people who do not make things difficult for you.”
“Life is precious. Live your own life, love it and look after it.”
“Life will always have highs and lows. Learn to live triumphantly, no matter what happens.”
“Life will offer you a unique experience, so ensure you live each day without fear, doubt, or regret.”
“The best way to live a better life is to do your best while you still have breath.”
“Time will keep moving even after your life comes to an end. So, make sure you live well and leave a legacy that can outlast your time on earth.”
“As the grass withers with time, so does life fade away. That is why you need to make an impact while you still have a chance.”
“At every level of your life, you need to take a step forward, or else you will remain the same and be left behind.”
“Be ready to adjust in life because it can get bumpy at any time.”
“A combination of minutes makes one’s lifetime. Make sure that none of those counts as wasted time.”
“Even if life had happened the way you wanted, you would still be disgruntled because it is not what happens that makes you content but how you choose to react.”
“Even if you admire someone else’s life, do not desire it, for you do not know what they have gone through.”
“Even if you have the best mentors, you still have to go out and do the work. No one can do life on your behalf.”
“Fixate your eyes on things that can fix your life.”
“Harsh words spoken to you must not depict the end of your dreams. Use those words to energize you into doing something great. In life, champions are those who are not afraid to fly high, regardless of any attempt to pull them down.”
“If you can understand the basics of life, you are better than a person who complicates even the easiest things.”
“If you want success in your life, do not focus on what others are doing. Instead, focus on what you should be doing.”
“It is not always easy to go through life. Sometimes stuff happens and you face hard times, but you do not have to be hard on yourself. You can still do your best and become a great success.”
“Success in one area of life and failure in another can affect your stance on success. Aim to succeed in the key areas of life so you will not feel like a failure.”
“Your success in life will depend on whether or not you are willing to persevere and follow the necessary processes until you get there.”
“If you value your time, do not entertain anything that does not edify your life.”
“If you want a valuable life, ensure that whosoever is part of your inner circle protects your peace of mind and adds value in their own right.”
“Life can never be a dress rehearsal. It is real. Value your time and put no value on people or things that add no value to your life.”
“Look around. You will never find another person with your exact kind of life. Your path is unique. So, make sure that your thoughts, convictions and values enable you to add value.”
“No matter what happens in life, never underestimate your own value.”
“Value your life. You have been given a rare chance to live; remember that no one else can have that life but you.”
“You should not deny yourself a profitable life by associating with people who add no value.”
“Your life is more valuable than all the precious stones in this world. Realize your own value and do something of value.”
“Beyond today, no one knows how life will turn out. So, while you can, celebrate the special moments.”
“Capture the best moments in life, and overlook the bad ones. Learn to celebrate life while you still have time.”
“Celebrate the present moment and never dwell on what happened in the past if you want to enjoy life.”
“Celebrate your life and remember that you were given a chance that many aborted babies were denied.”
“Do not get it twisted. Life will always have twists and turns. One way or another, your turn to celebrate or cry will come. Either way, live a joyful life!”
“It is not easy to forget those who touched your life in a special way. It is good to celebrate life’s heroes while they are still alive. Choose to appreciate the good things they have done.”
“Life is a beautiful journey filled with discoveries every single day. So, as you go through each day, find ways to celebrate life.”
“The most important thing in life is not to be a celebrity. It is to be able to celebrate life regardless of your status in society.”
“Be good to yourself and others. When you do that, you will be able to make a difference in life.”
“If you want to make a difference in life, do not be terrified of change. It will position you in a higher dimension.”
“Life is amazing, but its amazing wonders are hard to realize when others become atrocious. Wherever you are, choose to be good, do good, and make a difference.”
“Life will present you with different people, things and places. What matters is what you do with them in order to make a difference.”
“Make a meaningful difference in someone’s life. It is of paramount importance to them and you as well.”
“Not everyone was given a chance to be alive today. So, find happiness, enjoy your life and make a difference.”
“Things may get hard sometimes, but the most important thing is to make a difference in life.”
“Those who know why they are on earth do not mind making a difference in life because they know what others do not know–purpose.”
“In life, it is wise to acknowledge that you do not know certain things. After all, no one knows everything.”
“In this life, do not take things lightly all the time. Have the wisdom to discern when things are serious.”
“Life offers various lessons, but it is your choice to take them or leave them. If you take those lessons, you will make your way into the world of wisdom.”
“Life requires both discernment and wisdom because some people come to help solve problems, while others come to create more problems. Discernment will help you know them, and wisdom will help you know how to deal with them.”
“Look for the lessons life presents, because through them you can gain the knowledge and wisdom to live well.”
“Many situations in life will make you wise if you learn to glean wisdom from the littlest things.”
“When you embrace wisdom, it refines and redefines who you are in life.”
“Wisdom is the ability to close your eyes and open your mouth to ask God about His plans for your life.”
“Your life will take better shape if you are willing to find wisdom and have the courage to climb the highest mountains.”
“Do not sit back and let people make key plans on your behalf. Wake up and stand up for your life.”
“How far you will go in life depends on how far you are willing to learn, plan and implement the good lessons you have learned.”
“In this life, if you want to be in a league of your own, learn and plan to be your own cheerleader until you become a champion.”
“It is wise to plan effectively and do what is required in order to live a fruitful life.”
“Life will always throw different situations at you, no matter who you are or where you are, but there is comfort in knowing that no situation will last forever. No matter how hard it gets, plan to overcome and there will always be a way out.”
“Never give up on yourself, no matter what happens in life. When you follow God's plans for your life, one day you will be fine.”
“No matter how hard life is for you right now, never attempt to take your own life. Give life another chance. Have better plans for the remaining years you have and you will be amazed by how far you get.”
“Plan in advance to avoid unnecessary headaches in life.”
“Some delays are meant to preserve your life. So do not be weary when things do not go according to your plan.”
“Sometimes people will not comprehend your plans. Go ahead and implement them if God is on your side because in life, not everything you do will make sense to others.”
“When things fall apart after you have done your best, it does not mean you are a failure. Cherish your life, and let no one make you feel inferior. It only means things did not go according to plan, but you can still do better.”
“Life was designed to be neither painful nor pain-free. You have to journey through it, irrespective of the pain or pleasures along the way.”
“Even if you have been through a painful past, do not dwell on that. What matters is that you are still alive. Bank on that and make your life count.”
“Life will not always be pain-free. But as painful as it can sometimes be, being alive can also be pleasing.”
“Sometimes, painful circumstances will find their way into your life. Be prepared for them and find ways to overcome them!”
“You will inevitably go through pain. Do not let it take your life down the drain. Do something of value, regardless of the pain and focus on the things you can still gain.”
“Success in life is possible if you allow yourself to learn, dare to be different and make a difference in the world.”
“If you always think of ways to succeed, you will find ways to succeed. In life, everything begins with how you think.”
“If you want a life of success, you should be ready to make the necessary sacrifices.”
“Sometimes life will put you through tough times. Choose not to give up until you overcome.”
“When you choose to capture the best moments in life, life becomes a beautiful adventure.”
“You are only presented with one life, and you can either choose to make it better or worse. Choose wisely!”
“You may not have everything right now, but you can choose to make something out of your life.”
“From time to time, life will present you with an opportunity to make your mark. Learn to discern and choose to be different. It is when you do the things that help you stand out that you will be able to shine your light.”
“Change is imminent in life because yesterday will never be the same as today or tomorrow. So be ready to handle each day as it comes.”
“Depend not on human beings because they change time and again. People who were once close can become estranged. That is the strange thing about life, it changes right in front of your eyes.”
“Do not beat yourself up about the things you cannot change. It will make your life difficult. Take heart and take charge of what you need to change.”
“Find yourself in the right spaces, go places and make the necessary changes. Life is not only about where you have been. It is also about places you should see and people you should meet.”
“If you want to change your life, you must be willing to do two things that are critical. Firstly, change your mind and secondly, discard what does not produce the desired results.”
“Life can change at any time. That is why you need loved ones who can take care of you when things go south.”
“Change liberates and change elevates. If you want to live a life where you experience the greatest form of grace, live a life where you embrace change.”
“Sometimes change is what you need to do the things you never dared to do—to focus on big dreams and make them real.”
“In life, not all opportunities will come easily. Some will even seem as if they do not exist. But it is up to you to search for, find, and utilize them while time still allows.”
“Life will always offer you incredible opportunities to run your race. As you run that race, focus on your lane and not on your neighbours’ if you want to be great.”
“Life will present you with good opportunities. Seize them and experience a life of possibilities.”
“The older you get, the more you realize how short life can be. That is why you need to seize opportunities while they still exist.”
“There are endless opportunities in life; do not miss out. Be smart and put yourself to the task of looking them up.”
“Those who make it in life are those who seize opportunities, not those who are opportunists.”
“When good opportunities come in your life, it is not time to sit around. It is time to arise and utilize them so you can prosper.”
“While it is great to have equal opportunities in life, it is equally important to use those opportunities to make a difference in other people's lives.”
“A life of happiness requires you to get rid of any form of bitterness.”
“Be content with your uniqueness in this world and live a life of happiness.”
“Be kind, be happy and be wise. Refuse to be anyone’s playground in life. Embrace happiness wherever you are.”
“If you want to live a life of happiness, do not trust those who are full of empty promises.”
“Life happens! Just when you expect happiness, something tragic could happen. So, learn to accept any change of circumstance.”
“Life is great when you take charge of your happiness. If it happens that you lose it somewhere, go back and fetch it. Never leave behind your happiness, and never settle for a life of brokenness.”
“Life is too short to be unhappy. Disengage from anyone or anything that takes your happiness away.”
“Never allow sadness to engulf your life. Learn to live a life of happiness.”
“Play a role in securing happiness in your life and that of others. When you do that, you will experience leaps and bounds of happiness in life.”
“No one has their life together, even if they do, it will not be forever. At some point in time, life happens to everyone.”
“Outstanding people are those who choose to stand up regardless of the setbacks in life.”
“Self-mastery is a significant skill for those who want a life of victory.”
“Some people made it in life not because they attained the highest marks in class but because they chose to make their mark.”
“Sometimes waking up is not easy, but waking up is what makes life easy.”
“The earth’s surface is not smooth everywhere. Life is just like that; it is full of twists and turns.”
“The most progressive approach to life is to discuss ideas rather than people.”
“The noble thing about life is that, in different ways, it treats everyone the same.”
“The true meaning of life is known by the One who made mankind.”
“The wisdom to tackle the challenges of life differentiates extraordinary people from ordinary ones.”
“There is only one direction in life: forward and not backward.”
“There will be times when life seems unfair. But the fortunate thing is that it eventually demonstrates that it can be fair.”
“There’s no school of life where one can get certified. Yet it offers the same courses with a different set of tests for each person alive.”
“Those who stand up and do what is right. Those who shine their light so others can find the right path. Those who make life a little easier with their time, talent and treasure. deserve all the good things in life!”
“Doubt casts away the possibility of living a purposeful life. Cast it away!”
“It is not too late to turn a new page and write a good story of your life. There is more you can do if you do not keep your purpose out of sight.”
“Life grants each person a unique purpose to accomplish. You are here on earth for a reason; you just need to find it. If you cannot change the world, at least change yourself. Do something to make the world a better place.”
“Life is worthwhile when you walk on a path aligned with your purpose.”
“Life will grant you the opportunity to pursue your purpose. Be well-informed, seek wisdom and ensure that whatever you do is purpose-aligned.”
“The gift of life is too precious, do not live your life under the pressure of someone who misdirects you from your purpose.”
“When you honour the precepts of life, and fulfil your purpose, you will be delighted by its magnificence.”
“You can only realize the splendour of life if you are willing to fulfil your purpose while you still have time.”
“Endeavour to make the right choices in life. It will help you attract the right outcomes.”
“Life is what you make of it. It will not always give you what you want, but you can still choose what you want to become.”
“Life offers us an opportunity to live. Choose to live right and be a shining light.”
“Life will offer you an opportunity to make choices. You can choose greatness or insignificance, brightness or darkness, happiness or sadness. Whatever you choose, let it be your choice and not somebody else’s.”
“No matter what life throws your way, choose to be a much better person today than you were yesterday.”
“Some people come into your life to make it worthwhile, while others come to waste time. Choose the ones worth your while.”
“Some people will make your life seem like heaven; others will make it seem like hell. Choose to ignore the latter. Life is better when you are surrounded by angels.”
“Everything rises and falls from mindset. If your mindset is right you will be right. If your mindset is wrong, you will be wrong. Let your mindset be optimistic.”
“Be optimistic! You can be the dream.”
“Life is like a river. It only moves in one direction—towards the ocean. Your life is also moving in one direction—towards the cemetery. Therefore, prepare enough for a triumphant exit.”
“Life is like a tree that provides shade. It is like the rain that waters the plants and the sunrise that makes people smile. It is such an amazing wonder.”
“Life is like the vastness of the ocean; it reflects the workmanship of the Creator.”
“Sometimes in life, you need opposers. Like the air pressure that fills up a flat tyre and enables it to perform at its best, such people can help accelerate your growth process if you do not allow them to hinder your success.”
“There comes a time in life when beauty has little or no value. That is why you should focus on what is more meaningful—invest in your brains. Do not allow beauty to deceive you; it fades, just like a magnificent building going up in flames.”
“When nighttime comes, it becomes dark—such is life. There won’t be sunshine all the time, learn to live with that.”
“When other people’s lives are flourishing but yours is not, do not give up. Not all flowers bloom at the same time. Like a flower that blooms in summer, you will flourish if you persevere during the dry seasons of life.”
“In this life, we are here for a short while. How we will be remembered after that depends on how we treat others while alive.”
“Life happened as it has, so we could be what we had to be.”
“Life happens so we can become what we need to become.”
“Life is given to each one of us. In most cases, we choose how we want to navigate our individual paths.”
“Life is not about the absence of trials. They will somehow show up even if we did not commit any crime. The presence of trials helps us stand the test of time.”
“Life often finds a way of teaching us something, whether we are willing to learn or unwilling.”
“Life will not always be easy, but we can make it easy when we collectively choose to break the existing limits in our society.”
“Sometimes the tears we shed prepare us for the best life we could ever have.”
“Sometimes we are so caught up in the issues of life that we forget the point of departure. We are nothing but voyagers with limited time. We should live each day with a great sense of duty, knowing that one day we will account for this adventure.”
“The hardships of life can never be avoided completely. We must be ready to deal with whatsoever happens on this journey.”
“There will be fewer problems in life if we cease to entrust problematic people with the development of solutions.”
“We ought to preserve life with our all. It is a gift that can never be sold at any store.”
“Anyone can become great in life as long as they stop focusing on what they do not have and build on what they do have until their greatness is manifest.”
“Every chapter of life does not have to be funny; it does not have to be painful either.”
“Every human being deserves a better life; it is the inhumane ones who do not mind taking that better life away from others.”
“Genuine beauty never fades, even when the journey of life ends.”
“If life was so easy, it would not be worth living. It is the mountains and valleys that make life exciting.”
“It is risky not to take calculated risks in life.”
“No one has a perfect life; that is the bottom line.”
“Life, unfortunately, does not offer VIP seats to people with a victim mentality. So, you either claim your victory or you continue to be the victim of circumstances.”
“When going through hard times, hold on tight until you overcome. With perseverance and God on your side, things will get better. Never give up on yourself, no matter how hard life becomes. One day, you will be fine.”
“Pray for discernment. It is quite significant because if you cannot discern, you will invite to your table the people meant to cause you torment.”
“Life is a loan which you will one day have to repay before God. Ensure that the day you repay it, you are met with rapturous applause.”
“Life is a series of many mysteries. Go out there and make great discoveries. The sweet caress of Mother Nature will help you experience God’s splendour.”
“Cherish the gift of life that you have been given. Trust that your Creator can do great things through you. Love yourself and be content with the life you have and you will become a magnet that attracts blessings from all corners of the earth.”
“The journey of life is not always smooth. Pray for the courage to continue, even when things get hard.”
“Pray for wisdom and discernment so you can know which places to go or avoid, which people to welcome or shun, because being wise can make a big difference in your life.”
“The One who gave you the gift of life knows that you are good enough. Do not ever doubt what you carry on the inside. Live the rest of your life maximizing your potential.”
“If you are objective enough to evaluate your journey through life, you will come to the right conclusions about who you are.”
“Life is a great journey. So, refuse to be idle and never let others drag you where you should not be going.”
“On this journey of life, never rely on assumptions; they can lead you to wrong conclusions.”
“Sometimes the journey of life can be hard to comprehend. It is like surfing; the best way to enjoy the waves is to study them, know them and experience them.”
“Sometimes the journey of life will be too hard, but that does not mean you will never overcome.”
“Sometimes, the journey of life can be difficult, but remember, this is your race to run; no one can do it on your behalf.”
“The journey of life is not easy, but the difficulties along the way make it interesting to navigate.”
“The journey of life is travelled by many, but only a few run in their lane because more people focus on what others are doing and where others are going instead of paying more attention to their own destinies.”
“Every living being is presented with the gift of life. It is up to each one to decide what to do with it while there is still time. Blessed are those who make theirs count.”
“Life is a precious gift, but not everyone can experience a fulfilling life. If you are fortunate enough to have one, be thankful for that.”
“Regardless of how you perceive it, life is the greatest gift every human being has ever received. Be cheerful about it, and cherish it.”
“No matter where you are, appreciate the gift of life. Find reasons to smile because there comes a time when it becomes impossible to see the sunrise.”
“The gift of life must not only be received, it must also be highly prized because it is precious.”
“Life is a gift which you will get a chance to unwrap each morning as you wake up. Therefore, be a good recipient of this gift. Use it to make an impact.”
“A bee will sting but still make honey. A rose will prick, but have a good scent. Life is like that, there will always be bad and good aspects. Yours is to focus on what is more important.”
“Life is like a colouring book. The drawings may be very standard, but you can choose to colour them in a manner that makes them stand out.”
“Life is like a garden. Nurture it and plant the right seeds so they can bear good fruits. Do not let anyone plant the wrong seeds in your life because you will harvest them.”
“Life is like a glass bowl—very fragile. Please handle it with utmost care because once it breaks, it will still have cracks even after glueing it together.”
“Life is quite short, do not cut it short by associating with those who make you feel small.”
“Life is short, but one thing is for sure; the life you have is yours, so give it your best shot.”
“Life is so good, when you are surrounded by good people.”
“Life is surely not a movie, do not live it as though you were acting. Be genuine.”
“Life is too short to be whining. Keep dreaming, keep grinding, and keep winning.”
“Life is very fragile. Surround yourself with those who exude genuine love!”
“Life is way too short. Cherish the days you have above the surface of the soil, learn to ignore the unsettling noise and use the time you have to do more.”
“Life may not always be pleasant but to find pleasure, you need to appreciate the good and refrain from always complaining about the bad.”
“Life may not always give you what you want, but do not give up on what you want; until you realize you did all that was required.”
“Life is not as easy as it sounds. It is about sailing troubled waters, navigating unprecedented times, and carving new paths.”
“Life may not always go your way, but you will always feel great when you bring your A-game.”
“Life may not seem fair; but it does give everyone a fair chance.”
“Life rewards those who espouse goodness. Do good even if people are not good to you. You will ultimately feel good and enjoy the goodness of the seeds you planted.”
“Life will always have its highs and lows. Do not just go with the flow. Learn to bloom, even when you are feeling low.”
“Life will always present one problem or another. If you cannot solve them, do not be shy about seeking help from others.”
“Life will always take you through various seasons. Learn to thrive in each season and come out ready to deal with any situation.”
“Life will always throw different situations at you, no matter who you are or where you are, but there is comfort in knowing those situations do not last forever. So, no matter how hard life gets, you can always bounce back.”
“Life will always throw in big demands, but you can meet them if you do not give up.”
“Life will constantly grant you an opportunity to learn. Use it well.”
“Life will always have oceans and forests, mountains and valleys, battles and victories. Let each experience shape you to be a better human.”
“Life will not always be easy, but the ups and downs make it amazing.”
“Life is not always easy, but when you believe, you will find ways to win.”
“Life will not present a clear path all the time. Ahead, it may get dark, yet you have to keep moving forward. Do not lose hope when you go through hard times, because eventually, you will find the light.”
“Life will offer you a chance to present your gifts to the world. It is up to you to grab that chance or live with regret.”
“Life will present you with great things after you have endured some gruesome tests.”
“Life will sometimes force you to sail through uncharted waters. Always use to your advantage, such life-changing encounters.”
“Life will sometimes require that you partner with others in order to access a larger piece of the pie. As you do that, always avoid those who do not realize that you also deserve good things in life.”
“Life will take you to places you have never been, let you meet people who pull your heartstrings and help you not to lose your rhythm.”
“Life becomes better when you keep these realities in mind. 1. Your days are numbered, 2. You are not better than anyone, and 3. You can’t just live anyhow.”
“Life without a clear vision can be frustrating. Do not jump on the bandwagon of those who do not know where they are going. Seek clarity on what you need to do in order to keep growing.”
“We can allow life’s tragedies to make us bitter and resentful, or we can see them as tests of our character and humility, allowing them to make us ever thankful, not only for a life but for this very life—for my life and your life.”
“Each of us has only one life, unique from every other, and we all have reason to ask, “Why me?”, not in bitterness or despair but in awe and gratitude.”
“Goals are, by definition, linked to sacrifices. A goal is a focus, and one cannot have a focus without excluding that which is outside that focus.”
“Your life is one giant, continuous sacrifice being poured out on the altar of your choosing, moment by moment and day by day.”
“You’ve been sacrificing your life for your entire life, and you will continue to do so until you have no more life left to sacrifice. Your only choice is what you sacrifice it to.”
“Success is sweet but to achieve success, it takes strong work ethics, continuous improvement, discipline and determination.”
“Passion and talent with right knowledge and consistent practice leads to self fulfilment.”
“Figuring out your motivators, values that move and guide you and what inspires you leads you to what you want to be.”
“A goal is not the same thing as a wish. A goal is something you work toward; a wish is something you hope will happen to you.”
“Wisdom is found in nature only by mining a lot of rock.”
“What discouraged me most from the goals of my youth were not my failures but my successes, that they proved so hollow.”
“Worthy goals are always hard.”
“If my family is the price of my success, then I am grateful to have had so little of it.”
“Your identity is formed in part by your past, but only in part, and not the most important part. Your past is merely a starting point.”
“Who are you? You are your aim. You are a seeker of whatever you seek.”
“Your aim is not just what you train your eye on; it is how you train your eye.”
“Your aim has the power to turn every good into an evil or every evil into a good. Through it you interpret your past, give purpose to your present, and cast a vision for your future.”
“Only by making your legacy your aim can you ensure that your essential goals, those that stir from your very essence, remain uncorrupted by a million other, lesser goals that constantly vie for your attention.”
“Only by making your legacy your aim can you summon the courage to act with conviction in the moment, whatever that moment may bring.”
“Life is not a series. It has no omnibus. Live it without worrying about the past. Do not relive it. Close your eyes, and mind to what lies behind; so you can focus on the now.”
“Life is not a show. Do not put up any performances. Just live it, and be willing to grow.”
“Life is not about competing with others. It is about running your race with courage, and completing it in the right lane.”
“Life is not about the loud cheers, or the pats on the back. It is about making an impact.”
“Life is not as easy as it sounds. It is about sailing troubled waters, navigating unprecedented times. and carving new paths.”
“Life is not black and white. There are many grey areas. That is why you need God to direct your paths.”
“Life is not easy, but when you put your mind to your vision, and work hard to achieve it, many people will think you have it easy.”
“Life is not just about putting your foot on the ground, it is about leaving a trail of footprints that create a long-lasting impact.”
“Life is perfect in the pictures, but when you look closely you will notice plenty of imperfections. So even if you are not picture-perfect, never think your life is any less important.”
“Life is precious, so make it count. Many people on their deathbeds are bargaining for more seconds, minutes, hours, days, years or decades to be alive. Yet, for them it is time to go to the other side. Never waste the time you have now.”
“Imagine living your life so indelibly that others remember your smile long after they’ve forgotten your name!”
“The alternative to a posture of humble gratitude is one of entitlement, which produces thanklessness toward your own blessings and envy toward the blessings of others.”
“It’s not fair!” is the mantra not of the poor and oppressed but of the rich and spoiled. The poor and oppressed of the world don’t pout, “It’s not fair!”—they know the world too well to dare.”
“When life is perpetually unfair in your favor, it is tempting to believe that you deserve it.”
“When everyone we know is a king or a queen, it is easy not to notice each other’s crowns, except when it benefits our self-pity or vanity to compare them.”
“You and I enjoy a measure of freedom few have ever known, and it was not our blood that purchased it.”
“Our freedom is not a right we have won but a privilege conferred on us by those who sacrificed much that we might have it.”
“Once we’ve been victimized, none of us can choose not to have been victimized; we can only choose how to respond.”
“Never indulge your victimization by labeling yourself a victim, regardless of how much you deserve the title.”
“When you label yourself a victim, you compel those around you to pay homage to your victimhood. Don’t do that.”
“The only one who can give final assent to your victimhood is you.”
“To merely survive victimization is to let it consume you still, only bite by bite rather than all at once, to let it loiter in your life and chew at you forever. The only way to truly overcome victimization is to transcend it.”
“Perhaps you are no rock climber, but faced with a big enough rock, you will have to become one.”
“Be grateful for pain. Don’t ignore it or deny it. Don’t anesthetize yourself from it. Swallow it and make it a part of you.”
“Only once you can truthfully say you are grateful for your victimization have you transcended it.”
“There are many injustices that will simply never be made right, and to expect otherwise is to set yourself up to be consumed by frustration.”
“Justice is a fickle mistress, alluring but elusive, ever delivering less than she promises.”
“Spend your life chasing justice and only one thing is certain: You will have spent your life.”
“To expect a hospitable world is hubris. Instead, expect the opposite. Expect a world that may destroy you at its whim at any moment.”
“Neither lion nor gazelle question whether it is just for the lion to catch and eat the gazelle or just for the gazelle to get away and let the lion starve.”
“Justice is the delusion of the self-entitled. To desire it is to desire a world that is not this world.”
“Whatever your world is, you are alive, and an incomprehensible number of things had to happen just the way they did for that to be the case.”
“You may be appalled by your world, but you must be gratefully appalled.”
“Your life has come at the expense of a nearly infinite number of other potential lives that will now never get to be lived because you get to live.”
“You have but one life. You could spend it taking stock of what others have and resenting it, or you could spend it taking stock of what you have and doing something with it.”
“Categorizing yourself by either your victimization or your privilege fails to give any clarity to life’s fundamental question: What are you going to do with it?”
“Wallowing in victimhood only demeans and paralyzes you. Don’t do it. Redeem it instead. Transcend it instead.”
“A woman in labor never asks, “Why me?” because she knows both the cause of her suffering and its effect, and that sense of reason and purpose gives her the capacity to endure it.”
“What right do I have to the blessings I’ve received? None. They are not a right—they are a gift.”
“It is only when you can admit you may be wrong and are willing to grapple with uncomfortable ideas that you stand to grow.”
“Burn so bright, that the haters go blind.”
“Being a leader is not easy. It's a delicate balance between humility and self-confidence. It takes immense courage to lead others but also requires an honest awareness of our own limitations.”
“It's easy to sit on the sidelines and analyze different strategies, but true growth comes from taking action.”
“Courage is the key that unlocks the door to new possibilities.”
“Indecision breeds doubt, but decisive action fuels confidence.”
“Focus on what really matters and watch as the fog clears. Opportunities will appear where you least expect them.”
“Embrace the unknown, take bold steps forward, and discover the limitless potential that lies within you.”
“Will power can do anything which can't be done by any power.”
“You have to changed, before you will replace.”
“The reason you’ve been dragging your feet for so many years is most likely because your motivation to change is far less than the powerful force of inertia which is probably due to the comfort zone.”
“Don't care about ,who laugh on you.. Care about those who caring about you..”
“Don't copy.. Make your copyright..”
“Don't feel sad if you don't get which you expected.. Because either it's not yours or its not over..”
“Boost your productivity by focusing on the tasks that truly matter, working with intentionality and purpose, and continuously seeking new ways to optimize your workflow.”
“Streamlining decision-making is not about sacrificing quality for speed, but rather finding a balance between thoughtful analysis and timely action to drive progress and success.”
“Aligning your goals with your lifestyle is the foundation for living a life that feels both intentional and fulfilling.”
“Never quit on yourself.”
“Ain't there nothing sapiens can't do,Ain't no mountain sapiens can't climb.Ain't no darkness sapiens can't conquer,Ain't no division sapiens can't undivide.”
“When living an unbullshitafied life, you tend to attract the strong and offend the weak. Just do your thing.”
“Time spent under a burden is often time well spent.”
“Unspoken lessons are easily missed or misunderstood, and help unoffered is its own imposition.”
“When answering life's big questions, it doesn’t even matter what you say your answers are; what matters is what you do.”
“We will all be average in some things, above average in others, and below average in still others. But to aspire to be average is another thing entirely.”
“My best teachers showed me respect by refusing to share in my low expectations.”
“What drives a teacher is never what lies behind. At the heart of teaching is hope, and hope looks forward.”
“A teacher casts his work into the wind, knowing not where it will be blown, in hopes that a seed will land somewhere it can take root and outlive the one who cast it.”
“The first thing we are given, life itself, is the privilege of all privileges. Whatever else life brings us, having it at all should fill us with humility and gratitude.”
“Our very definition and understanding of the Comfort Zone is false—or at the very least, incomplete. True, lasting success is not attained outside our Comfort Zone, but rather inside it.”
“Set intentions and act on them – be deliberate and persistent in order to accomplish your goals!”
“Your inner wisdom is your friend, and it lives inside the calm security of your Comfort Zone.”
“Analyze like a scientist, plot like a politician, execute like a soldier.”
“Sight up - Might up - Light up!”
“Setting boundaries is not about building walls but creating space for growth.”
“When you're ready to start taking ownership of your future, amazing things can happen.”
“Focus on yourself first before trying to please others - success starts from within!”
“Don't underestimate the power of positive vibes & positive affirmations! They help sustain success & motivation.”
“Find ways to reduce stress as much as possible so that you can stay in the flow.”
“Success isn't about sacrificing your values, but aligning your actions with what you believe in. When you stay true to yourself, success comes naturally.”
“Success isn't a zero-sum game. It's not about choosing between your dreams, your health, or your relationships. You can have it all by staying true to yourself and working hard.”
“Don't just live the day, own it! Take charge of your time and make every moment count.”
“Success is not dependent on luck - it starts with personal leadership and the power of intention.”
“Being busy is easy, but being productive takes intention.”
“Don't confuse busyness with productivity. One leaves you exhausted, the other fulfilled.”
“Achieving goals doesn't have to be hard - be gentle with yourself, focus on progress, not perfection, and keep the faith.”
“The secret to success? Replace stress with ease, take consistent action toward your goal, and enjoy the ride!”
“True leadership is not about commanding authority; it's about earning respect.”
“Busy bees make honey, but productive bees make a hive. Don't just buzz around; create something that lasts.”
“If you save a man struggling, or thrashing, both of you will go down. But if the man is no longer moving, you can drag him up easily.”
“Your discipline will take you places your motivation won't and your obsession will take you places your discipline can't.”
“How I handle myself is how you treat me.”
“It's not the circumstances. It's how you circumvent.”
“The right one does not stand in your way, they make space for you to step forward.”
“Embrace feedback, learn from experiences, and evolve. Our journey to success is a continuous one!”
“Small wins lead to big victories! Let's celebrate each milestone on our journey to success.”
“When a presumptively heterosexual man makes gratuitous transfers of money to a woman who is not his wife or daughter, it raises, fairly or not, questions about the man's motivations.”
“Leading with vulnerability is tough, but it’s essential to establishing a strong team dynamic.”
“Remember, what others say or do is a reflection of their own internal experience, not yours. Their opinion doesn't have to be your truth.”
“Remember, it's not always about big changes but instead small steps done with confidence and consistency that will get you to where you want to go.”
“Focus sharpens the mind, paving the way to success.”
“Don't worry about drastic changes because it's the small habits you do consistently that will have a lasting impact on your life!”
“Don't forget who you are and what you stand for - you are the boss of your life, and no one can cross your boundaries unless you let them.”
“It's easy to get fooled by the noise - don't let it distract you from your truth and what's right for YOU.”
“Listen to your gut, trust your instincts, and be brave - the universe has something special in store for you!”
“Your words carry strength, your ideas have value, and your presence has an impact. Don’t be afraid to speak up and share who you are with the world.”
“Life is too short to be defined by others' opinions of you. It's time to put your happiness first and show the world that YOU are enough.”
“Having a clear vision leads to greater self-awareness — use it as a guide to empower yourself and pave the way for success!”
“Don't let the thing you fear most control your life! Remember, your fear of it is only an illusion - if you choose to confront it, you can break free from its power.”
“Own your flaws, and don't let anyone else make you feel inferior. Recognize your awesomeness and set a powerful example for those around you!”
“High achievers need to realize that no matter how much you prepare, setbacks are inevitable - but it's only by learning from these failures that we can achieve true success.”
“You're capable of pushing boundaries, taking risks, and looking beyond external validation. Dare to step into uncharted waters and be brave enough to realize the extraordinary potential within you!”
“Time keeps ticking, but chances of success don’t have to pass you by. Take a leap of courage and put your best foot forward - because it is undeniably harder to fail than to never have tried.”
“Clarity is not just a state of mind, it's a force of nature that drives you towards your goals with unwavering focus and purpose. Embrace it, harness it, and let it propel you to your next level.”
“Inspiration is direction - find clarity, take action, and move forward fearlessly.”
“Success requires a perfect blend of mindset and strategy.”
“Leadership is not the absence of doubt but the courage to take risks and embrace ambiguity.”
“Embrace failure and use it as a chance to become even more courageous and powerful!”
“Growth comes from pushing yourself and taking risks - stand firm in your resolve, and accept the journey with grace.”
“Every journey begins with a single step – stop waiting and start taking action TODAY.”
“Success comes when you pair dreaming with doing – don't get lost in thought without putting in the work to make your dreams a reality.”
“The power is yours if you seize it – make sure each move you take moves you closer to your goals.”
“No matter how complicated life may seem, clarity will help you find the path forward — it starts with trusting yourself!”
“Dreams require discipline, dedication, and effort to become reality – embrace the challenge of execution and unlock potential like never before!”
“Sylvie aced the classes she was interested in but got C's or D's in everything else. Julia had operated her determination like a lawn mower and mowed through high school with the next step in her sights.”
“Mothers are the heartbeat of our lives, the ones who guide us through the ups and downs, and the light that shines even in the darkest moments.”
“Doing the right thing is not a matter of convenience; it reflects your values and integrity.”
“In the flutter of a butterfly’s wings, we find a gentle reminder to appreciate the small moments in life and to find joy in life’s simple pleasures.”
“Make what's missing.If you are watching a movie and griping, 'why didn't they do this?'. Well, it sounds like you have some writing to do.”
“Execution is the bridge between intention and result – it moves you from merely having ideas to making them a reality.”
“Make progress every day, no matter how small it may be – execution builds momentum that can help you reach new heights!”
“Focus on small wins to reach big achievements – use momentum generated by execution as the fuel for success!”
“You can achieve greatness if you have big dreams and believe in yourself.”
“Every ending is a new beginning, and every path leads to a different destination.”
“When I walk into the wild, I leave behind the world’s noise and chaos and enter a realm of simplicity and marvel.”
“I write so the word, "Victim" will not be your mantra.”
“Make a wish on a shooting star; the universe will align to hear your heart’s desires.”
“The gentle glow of fireflies, which carries the magic of childhood dreams, sparks our sense of wonder and nostalgia.”
“The seeds of transformation are found in the darkest moments, for it is in adversity that we find our true strength.”
“I've set myself to become the king of the pirates... And if I die trying... then at least I tried!”
“On top of the world, we realise our dreams are not confined to the ground below but can soar to great heights when we dare to chase them.”
“Go with me into the book. It's safe here.”
“When inequality takes root, a garden of problems flourishes.”
“Work for a cause, not for applause. Live your life to express yourself, not to impress others.”
“Whoever is motivated can go great things.”
“Whoever is motivated can do great things.”
“Never settle for a haven; instead, venture into the unknown. The journey will be worthwhile.”
“Leadership is about unlocking the potential of those around you, so they can shine and achieve greatness in their own unique way.”
“Success doesn't come to those who simply dream and hope for it. It comes to those who take bold and intentional action toward their goals. It's not enough to aspire for greatness, you must work towards it every single day.”
“As long as you remain consistent in taking small steps forward each day, it won't be long before you're powering through projects with greater success than ever before!”
“Success isn't a distant dream; it's waiting for you at the finish line of every action you take.”
“Sustainable success isn't a one-time achievement, it's a lifelong journey of intentional action and growth towards a fulfilling life.”
“Life is like a roller coaster, filled with its ups and downs, but at the end of the day it's up to you to find the courage and determination to pick yourself up and try again.”
“Life doesn't always have to be about trying something new, pushing ourselves to the limit or achieving our next goal. Sometimes it's important to stop and celebrate the successes you have gained along the way.”
“Don't let anyone drag you down with their words! You have the power and confidence within yourself to rise above any negativity, and you deserve to be seen for who and what you truly are.”
“Accepting yourself and believing in yourself is one of the most important habits when it comes to success! Embrace your uniqueness, and never forget how capable, strong, and powerful you are.”
“Let's face it - the only way to truly make a lasting impact is by embracing change and standing out from the crowd.”
“Change the way you view things and you'll be presented with new opportunities to create the life you've always dreamed!”
“Don't be fooled by the noise, don't let the crowd define who you are. Strength comes from within – knowing you can navigate through life's uncertainties and standing strong even when it feels like everything is against you.”
“The only way to crush fear is by confronting it and taking action - so don't hesitate - grab life with both hands and make it happen!”
“Don't let the hustle and grind of life cloud your judgment - take the time to understand what works best for YOU and craft a plan that aligns with your goals.”
“Setting boundaries does more than just make you feel empowered, it sends out a message to the universe that you know your worth and won't settle for anything less than respect.”
“Don't be afraid of taking risks or stepping out of your zone of comfort, because that is often when amazing things happen.”
“Instead of seeing failure as shameful, view it as an opportunity to demonstrate your courage and determination.”
“When you reframe rejection in a positive way, you take away the fear associated with it and remind yourself how strong you are.”
“Confront your fears head-on and watch as they become stepping stones toward your goals.”
“Fail often to succeed sooner - accept the possibility of failure, and use it as fuel to reach your goal.”
“You have the power to make your own journey - be kind to yourself, and embrace the risks you take.”
“Facing risks and pushing boundaries is the key to unlocking potential - don't be afraid to take a calculated leap.”
“What lies beyond fear is freedom - have the courage to step forward and unlock your potential.”
“Lead with courage, own your decisions, and embrace accountability - the true hallmark of a fearless leader.”
“Your goals are within reach – take control of your destiny and manifest greatness through action-driven progress.”
“You are exactly where you need to be.Do something if you want something. Otherwise It will be your whole life.”
“Life is full of battles. Ye cannae escape them. Ye can only prepare to stand yer ground and fight them.”
“Your life, your rules. Don't let anyone else write your story. Be the boss of your own life and set your boundaries high.”
“Unleash your inner fire, ignite your passion, and blaze a trail that leaves a mark on the world. You hold the power to create your legacy, so rise up, own your strength, and burn bright.”
“Don't let the day run you. Run the day like a well-oiled machine and make every second count.”
“Embrace your quirks, own your flaws, and flaunt your fabulousness. Being true to yourself is not just a trend; it's a lifestyle.”
“Greatness is not a gift, it's a choice. It's not a talent, it's a habit. And habits can be built through consistency, dedication, and unwavering commitment.”
“Stop waiting for permission to be great. Own your power, and unleash your full potential. You are the BOSS of your life, and it's time to start making executive decisions.”
“Stop settling and dare to be exceptional. Own your individuality and level up your standards because your unique identity deserves nothing less than greatness.”
“Folk fight the fury of gods to stave out their place in history, capitulating for the slightest mark in the epics of man, even a write-in under some obscure footnote.”
“Puddle-wonderful moments are like rainbows after a storm. They remind us that there is beauty in every situation.”
“In life, whatever you give to your society should be more than what you receive from it.”
“The sunsets we experience with people we care about are the most beautiful.”
“The mud-lusciousness of spring is a reminder to embrace life’s messiness and to find beauty in unexpected places.”
“The opportunity window is always open, but it is up to us to decide whether to seize it or let it pass.”
“Self discipline is one of the most important and useful skills you can have. Discipline is the number one trait needed to create a happy mood, and healthy and meaningful life.”
“People with a strong sense of purpose, persistence and accomplishment perform better at work.”
“There are lots of ways to celebrate achievements. Showing them that you have recognized their efforts will help them feel a sense of accomplishment and pride in what they are doing.”
“Being surrounded by trees serves as a constant reminder that, while growth is a slow process, the outcomes can be breathtaking.”
“To engage in later thinking, one must let go of preconceived notions and consider novel concepts.”
“Never lose faith and God will reward you”
“Outliers are not necessarily uncommon; they are simply not always visible.”
“Sometimes the hardest paths lead us to the most beautiful places.”
“Unrealistic expectations are perilous because they are never met.”
“Nature’s fairness is awe-inspiring, but her beauty is enthralling.”
“We don't meet people face to face,But waste our time on social media's embrace.”
“The withering wind whispers secrets of change, reminding us that nothing stays the same forever.”
“Life is a journey, and the lessons we learn along the way help us become who we are.”
“Begin making decisions that align more with your future self.”
“Motivation gets us started, determination gets us going and discipline gets us to the finish line”
“Pride is a deceptive emotion that causes people to overestimate their abilities.”
“True humility is recognizing that every being has something to teach us.”
“We may not be born equal, but we can all make a positive difference in the world.”
“The ‘ocean of grace’ is vast and infinite, with unfathomable depths and never-ending tides.”
“Fear is just an emotion. It is not true. The only thing that is true is the action you take, regardless.”
“If you want to be truly successful, you must make mistakes and learn from them.”
“People with a negative outlook on life are miserable. Instead of being unhappy, decide to see the wonder and beauty in the world.”
“Guilt is a wonderful motivator.”
“Fairy tales serve as a timeless reminder that there is magic in the world and that, with enough faith, anything is possible.”
“By being true to yourself and defending what you believe in, you can change the world.”
“Fall a thousand times; get up a thousand and one.”
“Someday you are the guitarist; someday you are the guitar.”
“Your only limitation is your willingness, which prevents you from exceeding your limit.”
“If you motivate an idiot, you will end up with a motivated idiot”
“Sometimes we do not need motivation to get started but the realization of a great motive behind what we are set to do”
“She whispered her secrets to the wind, hoping they would be carried away by the wind and never heard by anyone else.”
“Dreams are like stars; they may appear distant, but they shine brightest when the night is darkest.”
“The depth of wisdom can only complement the depth of our wounds we gain from healing them.”
“Even when the buds cannot bloom, the tree stands firm, patiently awaiting its turn.”
“Fresh air is nature’s way of reminding us that every breath is a gift.”
“Even on the darkest of nights, a single candle can light up a room and bring hope.”
“Excellence is not about being perfect. It's about giving your best, learning from your mistakes, and helping others do the same.”
“Simplify to amplify. Streamlining your systems is like decluttering your mind; it frees up mental real estate, enhances focus, and unleashes your full potential. So, ditch the complexity, embrace simplicity, and watch your performance skyrocket.”
“Your well-being is not a luxury; it's a necessity for success. Investing in yourself is the best investment you can make.”
“Your life is your kingdom, and you're the ruler. Don't let anyone else take the throne.”
“Though our loved ones may push us towards success, it is often our enemies who drive us to secure the final nail in the coffin of our accomplishments.”
“Your mind is like a magnet, drawing thoughts and experiences that are consistent with your beliefs and emotions.”
“Believe in yourself, work hard, stay focused, and never give up. Success will come.”
“The warmth that comes from a kind and compassionate heart is true beauty”
“It takes courage to let go of the past, but the ability to forget it is where true freedom is found.”
“Take your time investing so much emotion into other people's behavior. Many philosophies instruct us never to become invested in the behavior of others.”
“Life is a journey, and it’s full of twists and turns - some amazing, some challenging. But no matter how tough the roads or uncomfortable the accommodations, there’s still something to learn from it all.”
“Today is full of potential; all it takes to make the most of it is a little effort. Don't worry about tomorrow until today's work is done!”
“Life is too short to be miserable! Choose happiness - it might seem hard at first but I promise it's worth it. Let go of the negativity and open up to a world of possibilities.”
“May you always be filled with joy, no matter what your circumstances are?”
“If you try nothing new, you’ll never know what you’re truly capable of.”
“Miracles happen every day, but only those who believe in them can see their power.”
“Value the person for who they are, not what they can do for you. True worth is found in their character rather than their accomplishments.”
“If you train your eyes to see the good in others, you will inspire them to see the good in themselves.”
“All your stress is not from others - it's just from your Thoughts.”
“Fear, any fear, is a waste of time. As the regrets.”
“Words are like seeds; what you plant in your mind grows and shapes your reality.”
“Although the moon appears alone in the sky, it shines brightly enough to light up the darkest of nights and guide us on our way.”
“Peace begins with a conscious decision to remain calm under all circumstances”
“There was a time, when I came to Delhi from my hometown and I have survived on Parle G biscuits for the whole day.”
“Just as the wind can be both gentle and fierce, life can be both beautiful and challenging.”
“Technology is a simple tool that can be used for good or evil”
“A reservoir of strength exists deep within me, waiting to be tapped when life's challenges arise.”
“Learning to listen to and to follow the guidance of your Inner Voice is the key to living a well-balanced, harmonious, fulfilled, abundant, and happy life.”
“We build a beautiful relationship with love, trust, and respect.”
“It takes strength to let go of the past, but the power to forget it brings true liberation.”
“If you stare in the face of evil too long, it will become your reflection. Turn toward the light of love.”
“Setting boundaries isn't about keeping people out, it's about protecting the energy you allow in.”
“Each corpuscle contains the cosmos, each valve is gateway to valor.”
“Each corpuscle contains the cosmos,Each valve is gateway to valor.Cada corpúsculo contiene el cosmos,Cada válvula es la puerta al valor.”
“মানুষের মনের ভিতর যদি ভালো কিছু করার জিদ একবার চেপে বসে আর সে যদি লক্ষ্যকে ঠিক রেখে পরিশ্রম করে যায়, তাহলে- কিছুদিন আগে বা পরে- তার জীবনে সফলতা আসবেই এবং আসতে বাধ্য।”
“The wings of time may carry us on diverse journeys, but the common roots we share will always guide us back to the same ground.”
“Don’t be afraid to make mistakes – just learn from them & move forward stronger than before!”
“Life is too short to stay in your comfort zone. Believe in yourself and be courageous. Take risks!”
“Burnout prevention starts with YOU. Invest in your happiness & well-being for a better tomorrow.”
“Indecision can be a slippery slope. Take care with each step and move forward confidently.”
“When faced with tough choices, don’t forget that you have the power to decide for yourself.”
“Fear makes us think we need more information before deciding, but often we just need courage!”
“Success is not a momentary event; it's an ever-evolving journey. #HighPerformanceCoaching”
“Make sustainable changes today to set yourself up for a successful tomorrow. #OwnYourShift”
“Start small, think big: Believe in yourself enough to own your shifts.”
“Swap out burnout for inner balance by embracing daily rituals that support sustainable success with ease.”
“Leaders who listen twice as much as they talk are the most successful.”
“When you give up, you close the door on opportunities you may not have realised existed.”
“The pursuit of the elixir of life may be eternal, but the true elixir lies within us - in the moments we cherish, the connections we make, and the memories we create.”
“Planting a tree is more than just an act of hope; it's a pledge to future generations that we cared enough to make a difference, one tree at a time.”
“We don't need to make longerregret lists. We don't need people thatare very very smart and yet do nothing.We need people that do the things theyalready know how to do. Stop learning and start doing. Motivation, not education.”
“When you have an understanding of how things work, you will know better how to work things out”
“The mountains may appear intimidating and insurmountable, but each step we take towards them teaches us more about our strength and fortitude.”
“Time management is all about making smart choices. So forget the hustle and grind, and take control of your choices - it's the key to success!”
“Time management is about making choices: what do you prioritize and why? Being aware of your finite time and consciously deciding how to spend it will give you control, clarity, and peace of mind.”
“It's true that life is short and time is fleeting, but if you can stop to appreciate how precious it is, you'll find that time is the most precious measure of true wealth!”
“Discipline may be a tricky but at the end of the day, it's believing that you can achieve your goals and dreams that will get you closer to them.”
“The more important a call to action is to our purpose, the more we may be tempted to resist it - and yet it may just be what opens up new doors and opportunities for us.”
“Don't let fear or doubt stop you from trusting the process! Commit to your goals and trust that everything will turn out just fine.”
“I believe depression is legitimate. But I also believe that if you don’t exercise, eat nutritious food, get sunlight, get enough sleep, consume positive material, surround yourself with support, then you aren’t giving yourself a fighting chance.”
“Give me a library and a good book and we will be friends for life.”
“A new beginning is not just a chance to start over, but also an opportunity to create something better than before.”
“Where there is hope, there is a way forward. The light of hope can illuminate even the darkest of times and point us toward a brighter tomorrow.”
“Everything worth doing is difficult.”
“I achieved nothing great without passion and enthusiasm. It is the fuel that ignites the fire within us, propelling us forward in pursuit of our dreams and goals.”
“Believe in your abilities to overcome any challenges that may arise.”
“Marriage is a garden that requires constant nurturing and care, but it can blossom into a beautiful and everlasting love with patience and dedication.”
“Life without faith is like a world without love and will end in motion without meaning.”
“If you don't know where you're going, you're never going to get there.”
“Let go of the past, wash away your pain, anger, and hatred, and emerge refreshed, renewed, and pure like the waterfall.”
“Serenity is inner peace amid chaos and trouble, not their absence.”
“An act of kindness is a ripple that can create a wave of hope, touching the lives of countless others.”
“Don't just speak for yourself,Be who stands up for somebody else.”
“Its simple. Do the work to get the perk”
“You can't expect change to happen if you REPEAT the same things. You have to REPLACE what you're trying to change.”
“Be a victor, not a victim of your situation.”
“The state of your mind is in your hands. You can choose to make it a place of hell or heaven, suffering or happiness, loneliness or solitude.”
“we all are puppets under someone's control”
“Dreaming is the fuel in the car of dedication!”
“Coming together gives energy, and being angry takes it away.”
“An unbreakable mask and cunning are the keys for executing a plan flawlessly.”
“The devil is more motivated because he sacrificed heaven. He only has one goal in mind.”
“যখন পরাজয় আসে তখন এটাকে একটা সতর্কতা হিসেবে গ্রহণ করুন যে আপনার পরিকল্পনা নিখুঁত ছিল না। পুনরায় নতুন পরিকল্পনা তৈরি করুন এবং আরও একবার আপনার কাঙ্ক্ষিত লক্ষ্যের দিকে পাল ঠিক করুন। - পৃষ্ঠা ১২৯”
“Writing is pain relief, or at least pain management.”
“Step forward in faith, rather living in pray & hope.”
“And in that glorious burst of energy and speed, Ceridwen whispered the word once more. Onward. Fate. Battle cry. And occasionally, a prayer.”
“Tragedy happens to lots of people. You can decide to let it destroy you, or you can decide to move on.”
“Falling back on an old “bad” habit isn’t so much a defeat as it is a chance to play again.”
“The Habit Trip is a means to an end. It’s a practice of treating ourselves, and others, with basic kindness and respect—radical, that.”
“The Habit Trip is about learning to hear and respond to our bodies and minds, so our lives can feel better and we can help make other people’s lives feel better. It’s subversive shit, I tell you.”
“Destructive habits are not flaws; they’re coping mechanisms that serve a purpose. They’re survival tactics we deploy to shield us from stress, sadness, fear, grief, and frustration.”
“When we set a goal to make a change and then screw it up, we’re usually just trying to meet a neglected need. If we can find alternative ways to fill those needs, we’ve got a shot at leaving some of those old habits behind.”
“Sometimes the fries are the best choice by a mile, but sometimes an apple with almond butter is paradise on a plate. If you can’t tell the difference, you aren’t quite listening—yet.”
“It feels awfully nice to be a little kinder to yourself and everybody else.”
“Time is the most frequent obstacle to change that my clients name. Luckily, it comes in small increments. It can be broken down and taken back in pocket-sized, clever little nuggets: one minute, five minutes, fifteen minutes at a time.”
“The linchpin for successful change is in the reward. The reward for a new routine has to be pleasurable, and it has to be quick. If the payoff takes too long to arrive or doesn’t feel good, odds are you won’t stick with it.”
“We don’t know what we will see and where we’ll reach once we begin to think, once we begin to dream.”
“shower time, steam rising, going on a caffeine binge – it’s not the juice that juices me, it’s that taste and the rock and roll blaring evil and gorgeous in the morning darkness”
“The best way to get over trauma is to go through even more trauma.”
“Your common sense is more important than your rights.”
“Focus on yourself, and everything will focus on you.”
“Allow yourself to be carried towards new beginnings by letting go of things that no longer serve you, like leaves withering in the wind.”
“YOU are in charge of how you experience life. You get to decide! Choose wisely, but most importantly, choose YOU!”
“Every challenge is an opportunity, so open yourself up and get ready to move!”
“Life is the dance between your wildest dreams and deepest fears - so take a chance! Don't let fear hold you back.”
“Don't let circumstances dictate how your life looks - act like the architect and design the lie that reflects your values and purpose.”
“If you want to make a change in your life and create something meaningful, you need to shift your mindset from "shoulds" to "musts".”
“Leaders are forward-thinking, confident individuals who identify what needs to be done, put in the hard work, and actively seek solutions instead of pointing fingers.”
“Relationships, like dew on leaves, are delicate and fleeting. We must handle them with caution or else they will vanish.”
“Rainbows are a natural reminder that there is always light and beauty to be found, even amid the darkest storm.”
“Any dream can come true if we have the courage to pursue it with zeal and persistence.”
“I’ve come to learn that pain is inevitable in this world, but suffering is optional.”
“We all have a story to tell. Stories of how we survived this or that. Some are more dramatic than others but what a great story to tell. This is how I survived that!”
“Today, I will focus on the present and not worry about the future or how my story will end. The story will end when it is supposed to, and it will end with greatness because it will be a life well-lived.”
“It is the hard time that unleash your true potential... Don’t give up!”
“Life is short, but it is broad enough for those who fully embrace it.”
“Hope is the anchor of the soul; keep it strong, and it will keep you steady.”
“life never gain by your weight, it gain by your struggle”
“Tough times in life are not meant to define you, but to refine and strengthen you.”
“Advice is just that, advice!”
“Every living thing in the universe can understand nature’s language.”
“Making excuses for yourself only leads to continued stagnation.”
“You don’t go out looking for happiness. It comes from within, from accepting who you are and living in the present.”
“The best philosophy is to live in the present moment while planning for the future and learning from the past.”
“Trust, communication, and a willingness to grow together indefinitely, which are the pillars of a genuine relationship, are the foundations of a true relationship.”
“Life is best lived one day at a time when enriched with reflection and human connection on a deeper level.”
“The journey of life is not about arriving at a destination, but about discovering the beauty and meaning along the way.”
“Knowledge is another form of God.”
“Knowledge is another form of God. If someone loves both. So he will get the answers to every question.”
“Success doesn't mean victory. If someone is successful, it is proof that he has struggled a lot, and worked very hard.”
“When we tried to open the lock, we saw that is already open. And the problem we are trying to solve. It may be that there is no problem at all.”
“Whatever happens. But don't lose your faith. When we lose our faith, we are going to lose a lot. Always remember great power is within you.”
“When someone listens to his heart. Than he Uses a big law of success.”
“If you want to keep everything good. So always keep your mind good.”
“Amidst the world’s deafening noise, the silence within us speaks the loudest.”
“Difference is not division”
“Never look with contempt on even the smallest beginning.”
“You're just a character in my book, but I did not give you any lines.”
“Mindset plus skillset creates the master.”
“Moonlight, the mystic smile of the night, can soothe the soul and calm the mind.”
“The clouds may change shape and move, but the sky remains an infinite canvas of possibility.”
“Spirituality is a life-long journey of self-discovery and enlightenment that leads us to a greater understanding of our place in the world.”
“Getting your hands in the soil can be relaxing. Because of the fresh air and new ideas, you’ll feel more energised.”
“Moonlight reminds us that there is still light to guide us, even in the darkest of nights.”
“«With the best will in the world—and I was so, so very motivated to not be dinner—I couldn’t drag my leaden limbs any further. I stumbled once, twice, staggered to a defeated halt, and crashed to my knees».”
“Live each day and each moment to the fullest.”
“It’s better than nothing,” his father replied. “And remember,the most important thing is to stay calm and focus on youropponent. Antichrist may be powerful, but he’s not unbeatable.”
“Our hearts beat in unison, in time with the rhythm of life.”
“In times of profound silence, we find the stillness to hear our inner voice and the strength to heed it.”
“I think that there is some advantages to just lying to yourself.”
“The goal of life is to make everyone and everything around you happy. With your act of kindness and compassion.”
“Let's wear the flowers of courage grown from the seeds of hope in the soil of our insecurities.”
“Look around you for a moment. You’ll be surprised at how much beauty you’ve been missing.”
“The gorgeous sunrise is the one that gives you hope in your heart and gives you another day to pursue your dreams.”
“I came out of the storm, not the same person, but stronger, braver, and more resilient.”
“Not All Dry Wood's Face Is A Funance”
“The fall of a leaf is not the end of its journey, but the beginning of something greater.”
“Life is like the wind; it can be gentle or fierce, but it always changes and propels us forward.”
“Personal Integrity is a trait that so many people overlook and undervalue, but it's one of the most important qualities to possess.”
“It's so easy to get trapped in the notion that success means having every action regulated and planned, but the truth is far simpler. All you need is enough discipline to develop habits that lead to effortless success!”
“Stop beating yourself up! Breaking old habits isn't going to happen overnight, so don't be discouraged if it takes you longer than you planned. Give yourself some grace and remind yourself that consistency and repetition are key.”
“From an acorn grows a mighty oak - don't be embarrassed, be proud of where you're starting from, because it's all part of the journey!”
“Ako ne uspemo danas jedini razlog smo mi sami.”
“Taking time for yourself doesn't have to be hard or expensive - whether it's treating yourself to something small or dedicating an afternoon to relax, taking some time for self-care can make all the difference in your life.”
“If you take on a challenge and really commit to it, you'll find that it's not just about that one thing - it will create new habits, skills and behaviors that can be applied in other parts of your life.”
“The first mistake is an opportunity to LEARN. But if you don’t use that experience to make a better decision next time, then that’s not an innocent mistake — it's NEGLIGENCE.”
“If you don't want to sink, then it's time to cut the negative anchors loose and start swimming!”
“Burnout is real. If you want success without the hustle and grind, plan for breaks and set boundaries for yourself.”
“When you’re in love, there’s no need to understand what’s going on, because everything happens inside of you.”
“Unfortunately, people are erecting massive barriers around themselves rather than erecting beautiful bridges to connect.”
“Life is all about making those brave and necessary shifts, so take a deep breath and trust yourself to make that leap of faith.”
“Sustainable success isn't measured by how hard you work, but rather by how much time you take to relax and recharge.”
“Don't be fooled into thinking that pushing yourself all the time equals progress - taking a break every now and then is just as important, if not more so.”
“Believe in yourself and be brave enough to take risks, and you'll find that life is full of endless possibilities.”
“Forget the boundaries that have been placed around you or the beliefs you’ve been told are true, and start believing in your own limitless potential!”
“It's time to change our perspectives and unleash our inner strength; it starts by recognizing how capable you really are.”
“Don't be held back by insecurity or fear, because you never know what might be on the other side of that leap of faith.”
“When it comes to life, if you believe in yourself and take bold risks, the possibilities are practically infinite.”
“Dare to dream bigger and unlock the power within, because there are no boundaries that can hold you back.”
“It's time to put aside the limits that have been placed on you and start believing in your own strength and potential!”
“Life is too short to settle for anything less than amazing!”
“Deep silence is the soul's language, where words are unnecessary, and the heart speaks the truth.”
“Twilight is the transition period between the end of the day and the beginning of the night. A time to let go of the past and embrace the unknown.”
“Each room I enter, every road I walk on, it asks for me, and waits to see whether or not I agreed to it. Did I try? Did I grab the moment? I love these jumps and where they lead.”
“Just as clouds are constantly moving, our lives are constantly changing.”
“Life is for living, so live already.”
“We are born alone, live alone, and die alone. We create the illusion of relationship, love, and friendship during the intermittent. A Maya who makes us feel like we're not alone.”
“Do whatever you can to make the most of the present. It's the only thing you can control.”
“Meadows would bore without greenery, and woods would be silent without birds and insects. There would have been no thrill had the stream or brook not babbled or trickled.”
“We often think of failure as a negative experience, but it can teach us so much if we are open to learning from it.”
“Every setback is an opportunity to grow if we take the time to reflect, find out what went wrong, and use our experiences to move forward.”
“It's easy to compare yourself to the people around you, but don't let that stop you from embracing the amazing gifts and talents you possess. Remember: they don't have what YOU'VE got!”
“You don't need to compare yourself to anyone else - the only person you need to be better than is the one you were yesterday. So take a step back, choose joy, and focus on improving yourself.”
“Life is too short to spend it second guessing yourself! Break down those walls of limiting beliefs and get ready for amazing things ahead!”
“Stop letting self-doubt be the energy that drives your life.”
“Believe in yourself and take on every challenge with confidence — your success is something only you can define. Be bold and embrace life's opportunities, trust me—you won't regret it!”
“Nobody’s perfect, and life is full of challenges, but that doesn’t mean you don’t deserve love and acceptance!”
“We’ve got to make a habit of doing the things that scare us and have faith in our decisions – because in the end, your life really does depend on it.”
“Faith is no slave to rituals, rules or even religion. Many a godless men attained faith; many a faithless men attained god.”
“Nature's serene beauty and tranquillity aid in one's search.”
“Make yourself the light in the darkness”
“Though the physical appearance changes, the soul remains constant. In this way, everything changes around us, but nothing ever changes. The essence was always the same.”
“Whenever I'm feeling down, I always think back on all my goals and get instantly motivated".”
“Take a deep dive into nature. You will see everything around you colourful.”
“Whether you're facing a challenge or celebrating the little victories in life, know that nothing is more courageous than owning and loving your story.”
“Don't be afraid to take that first step and go after what you desire - because believe it or not, it wants you too. You deserve all the good things life has to offer; so go ahead and seize them!”
“It takes courage and strength to take a long, hard look at who you are, what you want out ofthis life, and how to make it happen.”
“One small shift in mindset, one tiny tweak to your daily routine — these are the things that can end up driving your future.”
“Sometimes it can feel like success comes in leaps and bounds, but the truth is that small shifts and tweaks are the things that will bring you closer to your desired future.”
“Self-care isn’t just about taking care of your body – it’s about tending to your mental health too, and that’s something all of us could use a little more of!”
“Stop surrounding yourself with all the negative energy that does nothing but drag you down.”
“I've made plenty of mistakes in my day, but one thing I've learned is that you never have to make the same mistake twice.”
“Don't let anyone's opinion of you define who you can be. Life is too short to worry about what other people think. It's your life, so own it!”
“Look deep within. You will find everything you seek.”
“Solitude is the choice to be alone for self-reflection and happiness.”
“You have to find power in everything negative in your life.”
“True leaders have an unwavering commitment to their mission, no matter how insurmountable the odds may seem. They are selfless and determined, and they understand that through perseverance, nothing is impossible.”
“Great leaders don't just establish a following; they create an army of leaders, who are empowered to think for themselves and become their own heroes!”
“If you want to have long-term success as a coach, or in any role of leadership, having an obsession with your craft is essential. It isn't enough to be knowledgeable about what you do - you have to be hungry for improvement.”
“Fear can keep us stuck in our comfort zone, but courage can open us up to tremendous possibilities and growth. The choice is yours.”
“Knowledge is great – it's the foundation for success – but knowledge alone won't get you far. It’s the hunger and passion for improvement that will take you to the next level and stay there long-term.”
“Start celebrating other people's wins and keep striving for your own! Life isn't a competition, so focus on your journey and appreciate the successes of those around you.”
“Life is all about making decisions, but it's not the decisions we make that shape our lives - it's our habits. Habits are the daily actions that give us direction and eventually decide where we end up. So choose your habits wisely.”
“Leadership often requires learning, and learning requires leadership. It’s not a coincidence that these two concepts are intertwined – without one, you can’t have the other.”
“There is no shortcut to success - it takes hard work and dedication but with perseverance, you can become a leader who draws in quality people.”
“Courage doesn't mean feeling no fear, it means having the strength to carry on despite it. When you face your fears, you gain control of your life. Don't be afraid to take the first step and show the world what you've got!”
“Don't let anyone tell you otherwise: your potential is LimitLESS! Stop doubting your potential. Work hard, take small steps and make your dreams a reality.”
“If you want to have long-term success as a coach or in any role of leadership, having an obsession with your craft is essential.”
“Life is full of unexpected turns and challenges, but don't let that stop you from becoming who you are truly meant to be. Push through any doubts or fears and unlock your hidden potential.”
“Fear can be a powerful emotion and it's easy to let it direct your decisions. But, no matter what you choose, remember that YOU are always in control of your destiny. Don't be afraid to be bold and brave - life is whatever you make it.”
“Life isn't about getting the perfect hand of cards - it's about taking the cards you're dealt and making the most of them!”
“Leadership is not about having the most power or authority. It’s about having the courage and drive to turn ideas into action.”
“Leadership is not about having the most power or authority, it’s about having the courage and drive to turn ideas into action.”
“Take risks, make bold decisions, and enjoy the journey of leaving your own unique mark in this world.”
“Don't let anything stop you from exploring what lies ahead and making a lasting impact that none of us could have predicted!”
“When it comes to success, it’s not just what you do and how hard you work - it's also about taking care of yourself!”
“Real courage lies in being able to believe in yourself enough to try again tomorrow, even after a tough day.”
“Identifying your core values and goals is an incredibly important step on the road to achieving success.”
“People who try to bring you down are only trying to suppress your potential from showing itself. Because they know if it does, then you'll be able to achieve great things and leave them in the dust!”
“Stress is like a storm, quietly building. If I can remain calm, I quiet the storm.”
“Take a moment. Breathe. Slow Down. Let Go. Experience the calm.”
“When I calm my mind, I experience the greatest joy of all.”
“Gratitude and service are the best way to a happy and joyful life.”
“People say, don’t worry about the small stuff. Determining if your biggest worry is small stuff is a skill. Letting go of small stuff is a gift.”
“Finding inner peace should be your highest goal and determining steps to reach it should be your highest priority.”
“Every moment is a gift; the only moment you know for sure is the present moment.”
“Strength is found in the calmness of not reacting instantly. Taking a moment and thinking calmly will bring clarity.”
“Thoughts can be like a rough sea, turbulent, out of control with low visibility. However, everything becomes clear when the sea is calm, including your thoughts.”
“The ultimate pleasure is found in the calmness of the mind.”
“Nature is beautiful because it is simple.”
“My highest achievement in life will be inner peace.”
“Living in the present and letting go of thoughts that no longer serve me allow me to relax, unwind and experience peace.”
“Imagine all the stress in your life, having wings, and can simply fly away in the wind.”
“By becoming my best friend and being comfortable in the quiet, I can retreat any time into my personal sanctuary.”
“Powerful breathing exercises help me realize good things will happen.”
“Remaining calm in stressful situations gives you time to assess the situation later when you are calmer.”
“There is nothing more beautiful than a blue sky and fresh air. Be one with the sky.”
“The most beautiful things I see are when my mind is the calmest.”
“The answers to your most pressing questions will arrive in your mind by being still in the moment and relaxing.”
“The best defense against stress is a calm mind.”
“The best way to receive abundance is to believe abundance is already present.”
“Nature's secrets are simplicity and patience.”
“Positive people like you all who spread positive energy achieve success in life. I have trained more than 10,000 students by now in my teaching experience of 12+ years. And I can tell this with conviction.”
“Em vez de pensarmos na família como algo que existe, temos de pensar nela como algo que se constrói. Nós «fazemos» a família.”
“Treasure good health, give thanks to God,”
“It's better to wake up than fall back asleep in a town with no dreams.”
“Don’t pass judgement on how humans communicate with the supreme because everyone has their way of doing things.”
“Walking alone through nature can be meditative.”
“Life is beautiful. Cherish every moment, appreciate what you have, and find joy in the present.”
“Everything around you will change when you change yourself into the person you want to be.”
“Letting go of thoughts that no longer serve you will increase your inner peace.”
“Expressing gratitude is a small action that, when practiced every day, will allow inner peace to unfold exponentially.”
“Simply go outside and have fun. The most abundant source of happiness is nature.”
“Victory sits perched upon peaks of obstacles confronting us. We should never give up.”
“Man is as tough as a rock but delicate as a flower.”
“I Sh*t, therefore I am”
“Your understanding of life will deepen as you spend more time in nature.”
“The brisk wind, flowing river, rocky mountains, dense forest, and blue sky all contribute to my deep understanding of life.”
“Nature teaches us to be compassionate, kind, and non-discriminatory.”
“a subtle kind of murder happenswhen parents don’t allow their childrento be the people they’re meant to belove means letting your child just live free”
“When you are in the presence of the beauty of nature, nothing but happiness can overtake you.”
“... Perspective is everything.That is, when you can break apart something, or look at it from a new angle, it loses its power over you.”
“If you look at nature closely, you will notice miracles all around you.”
“Regrettably, we believe we own the earth, the trees, the mountains, flowing rivers, and many other things, but we are all owned by nature.”
“Every time I admire nature, I wish I could just disappear into it.”
“Throw yourself into nature's arms when you're completely lost in the dark; it will reveal a new glimmer of hope.”
“Music is all around you; all you have to do is listen to it.”
“Nature's secret is simplicity and patience.”
“One can discover true bliss in nature’s stillness.”
“Outside influences cannot bring the peace you crave; you must find peace from within.”
“I would take one minute of peace of mind instead of the best dessert on earth.”
“By smiling, you automatically feel peace.”
“Positive emotions are created with peaceful thoughts.”
“Sometimes it is because we are chosen, that we are rejected.”
“Regular practice, consistency and self-confidence can only help you becoming a great player.”
“There is no limit to what one can ask of one's adolescent self".”
“The Law of Karma states that neither a drop of kindness nor a speck of evil will go unreturned.”
“You are pretty now. But if you don’t learn to love yourself, even if you are pretty, you are not truly considered beautiful.”
“Honestly, I’ve wanted to give up a lot of times. But I worked hard. I believed I would succeed if I worked hard.”
“Accept situations without hesitation and allow things to flow naturally in whatever direction they want.”
“Through everything and every Atma (Soul) in this universe, you can see Param-Atma (Supreme).”
“Hell and heaven exist in the present moment. Stop worrying about heaven because they are both present right now.”
“Don’t be depressed about a ‘misfortune,’ because it could be a ‘fortune.”
“It’s never too late to ask yourself, ‘Am I willing to change from within?”
“Intellect tangles and knots people, but love and compassion dissolve all tangles.”
“It's absolutely ok to make poor choices; no one knows the world completely. To come out with better results is real responsibility.”
“Nothing hurls an individual towards their goals faster than the sting of defeat. That's when all the probing post-mortem questions get asked. Victory is the fluffing up and reinforcing of the existing ego.”
“Busyness is expensive.”
“Using less time to produce more is intelligent, then why do intelligent people choose to multitask?”
“If multitasking is the solution for doing more in less time, then the human race is moving towards a time when we will attempt to finish items on our to-do list while we sleep.”
“One who seeks a perfect friend will find none.”
“He was given too much agency in a fallen world.”
“Man who is deeply in love with nature never ages.”
“True comfort cannot be bought with fame and luxury, it must be earned through personal growth and self-acceptance”
“What you’re good at is important, for sure, but what you love is the greatest motivator you have.”
“Why can’t I change?? Why???????? You yell to the heavens, momentarily forgetting that you are not the leading character in a silent film being tied ceremoniously to a train track by a scurrilous villain with a handlebar mustache.”
“Once a habit is formed, we can’t forget that response completely, but we can interrupt and replace it with something else.”
“Micro-sized habit changes make problems more manageable and goals more attainable. You can do this anytime, anywhere for the low, low cost of totally free. There are no barriers to entry.”
“Happiness and sufferings coexist on the wheel of life.”
“The smile on a child's face is the most priceless thing in the world. Never let the child inside of you die, and make sure to look after it whenever it needs something. You would improve everything if you had a kinder heart. Happy Children's Day!”
“Anyone who does not comprehend your silence is unlikely to comprehend what you say or think.”
“You are appealing because you are distinct.”
“Faith is the power that allows a perplexing world to emerge into the light.”
“Greed is the source of all suffering and pain.”
“And, if you want it, it's all yours.”
“You can initiate a phase of death and rebirth at any time. You don't have to sit idle and wait for an outside force to make that happen for you. Choose to end things. This will always spark an opportunity for a new beginning.”
“A healthy dose of pain and discomfort is required to balance out all the highs of live embrace the challenge!”
“There are two types of individuals— those who crumble under pressure, and those who thrive when subjected to extreme situations.”
“We must peel away the bitterness of life from time to time in order to reveal the richer aspects of life.”
“Not all soldiers wield spears.”
“Your greatest successes in life will often come from assisting others in their endeavours.”
“As God moves us into a new year, normalize doing your own thing regardless of what anyone says or thinks. Mind your business and become great at it. Lastly, stop being accessible to everyone, you will find peace within.”
“True bliss is never experienced through the senses (Pancha jnanendriya) but exists beyond the senses.”
“When it’s inside, don’t search in the dark outside.”
“Life is a series of natural and unanticipated changes. Don’t fight them; instead, accept them with grace.”
“people tend to do stuff because they expect to get something out of it”
“I’m not scared of failing. I simply do not know how to fly.”
“Life goes on, and others replace the dead. Death changes nothing.”
“If you want to be happy, let go of your anger and bitterness and embrace kindness, compassion, faith, and love.”
“To find peace, let go of your rage, lust, greed, guilt, and bitterness.”
“It feels like Salinger wrote The Catcher in the Rye in a day, and that incredible feeling of ease inspires writing. Inspires the pursuit of voice. Not his voice. My voice. Your voice.”
“Silence is the most effective tool for accomplishing goals.”
“How we perceive supreme reflects how we perceive ourselves.”
“Always keep your head held high.”
“I believe that self-defense is essential in protecting one’s well-being and dignity.”
“While you exist, be good.”
“Every glittering stone, like every shining metal, is not precious.”
“There should be no shame in openly saying, I want this. There should be no shame in not knowing what one wants.”
“When you sow a seed it will grow. Somehow, someway, it will grow.”
“When you have a soul sometimes it burns.”
“The success zone and the comfort zone are not in the same place.”
“Why are you looking outside when it is already inside you?”
“When you earn your worth, you learn your worth... This is why learning is a never- ending process.”
“There are a thousand different ways to get home. Just dance and celebrate until you dissolve into one.”
“According to the wheel of life, everything is subject to change and extinction.”
“Eternal Light is something that has always existed. The amount of light you receive will depend on your actions.”
“As one thinks about the objects of the senses, one becomes attached to them. Attachment comes before desire, and desire comes before anger.”
“Whenever we reach an unexpected barrier in the way of honoring our souls' truth through action, it is essential to dust ourselves off and keep flying toward our dreams.”
“When one becomes self-aware, all mental delusions fade away like darkness in the sky, banished by the movement of the sun.”
“The world, which is like a mountain, echoes your words back to you. Be in love no matter where you are or what you do.”
“Understanding others is a sign of intelligence; understanding oneself is a sign of true wisdom. Controlling others is a sign of strength, but mastering oneself is a sign of true power.”
“But still hope.”
“One who is too relentless to listen to other people's views finds very few people who agree with him.”
“Even a king must submit to great art.”
“We are in charge of our destiny, and we control our future by how we think and act.”
“The greatest feeling in the world to me is triumph.”
“Facts didn't matter to people if they were smiling.”
“Love and kindness serve as a bridge between you and all living things.”
“The mind is everything in this world. It is the source of all pain and suffering. If the mind can be healed, it will cure all illnesses in this world.”
“I’m not afraid of strong winds because I’m learning to fly.”
“Just celebrate and dance. Life is a moment we are living right now.”
“Faith isn’t blind belief; it’s unwavering trust.”
“The human brain is capable of doing more than just thinking about earning bread and butter. Live your life to the fullest so that you won't regret it in future. Travel, explore, Learn, create, and help!”
“The most contented man is one who has control over his desires.”
“No matter what you're going through, there is always another brick sitting right there in front of you, waiting to be laid. The only question is, are you going to get up and lay it?”
“I am not this skin, this flesh, this bone, this hair, or this other physical component; rather, I am the soul that resides there.”
“Success isn't a straight line but failure is, you fail straight but you succeed by bending, mending, and molding that line of failure until you reach that position and place you called success.”
“Nobody can take your happiness away from you. Once you learn how to create it.”
“Be as delicate as a flower at all times. A flower can still bloom when surrounded by thorns, but you can’t smile if you’re in pain.”
“They returned our actions and words to us like echoes in a mountain.”
“If you want to sing, you sing without considering who is listening or what they might think.”
“The realisation has to come from within you. That’s how it becomes self-realisation. So does motivation.”
“God's language is empathy, compassion, kindness, and silence.”
“Why do you continue to live in confinement when the door is so wide open?”
“Do not grieve! Everything you lose eventually comes back to you in some other way.”
“Open your eyes. See the sunrise. It is there to remind you that you still have another chance to rewrite the story of your life.”
“Action is precious than plentiful words.”
“The next 24 hours is a blank canvas. Your canvas. What will you paint on it?”
“You can be certain that the religion of love accepts everyone.”
“Don't spend your life waiting for it to begin.”
“Opportunity meets preparation. Prepare today for the opportunities you desire tomorrow.”
“There is no positive energy like praying.”
“Master the mind with meditation.”
“Courage is critical in any circumstance.”
“An Archer must never lose focus. If the world bends Archer. It is in within in contemplation we soar the sky ~”
“Knowledge is the ink of eternal Bliss ~”
“When your compass is shaking there's always another one reaching out . Be a gallon when its finds you ~”
“Silence serves the passionated self ~”
“The storm that chases is the storm that revels ~”
“Without meditation, how can you be motivated?”
“The mind is liberated - by reflecting on oneself.”
“I’m frail; I’m heartbroken; I’m a moron; They have deceived me. The mind creates ridiculous doubts and quandaries about itself.”
“You might be dying, but you’re not dead yet, you miserable wretch, now get up and do something before you allow your brother’ssacrifice and everything we all have lost to be for nothing.”
“Real Beauty is the Light in the Heart that Shines in the Eyes”
“Beauty is not in the face, its the reflection of your Soul that will never change nor fade”
“I am extreme in everything I do...Can immensely love and can immensely hate...U choose”
“My eyes are only a reflection of my Spirit”
“Life is a Canvas given to you to see how colourful you can make it”
“Rule Number 1: To hell with what they think”
“We have seen countless sunrises, but their beauty never ceases to amaze us.”
“Being a candle is difficult because one must first burn in order to emit light.”
“Never give up on something that you can’t go a day without thinking about.”
“Begin each day by saying a positive affirmation in the mirror.”
“Life is truly an amazing experience.”
“Late night work and random selfies always go hand-in-hand”
“Beauty is a Treasure while Style is a Fortune”
“Love is the only reason behind my glow”
“Fashion is always an instant language... easy to speak and wonderful to feel.”
“I dont just have to be perfect...I have to be me”
“My eyes speak another language, you just need super powers to read it”
“You don’t need to be brilliant, wealthy, attractive, or perfect to make a difference in someone’s life. Just show some concern.”
“Reality is as necessary as reason.”
“Men all pass away. However, not all men live.”
“A delicious meal needs pepper and salt, but if they dominate, the meal is ruined.”
“No project will go perfectly, nor will the end result be perfect, but as long as you had fun, that’s what matters most.”
“Nothing is more scrumptious than a cup of bitter coffee.”
“Don't waste your time living the life of someone else.”
“Whoever does not comprehend your silence likely will not comprehend what you say.”
“In this world of Maya, nothing is permanent, not even our pain and suffering.”
“Empathy is the language of the blind who can see, and compassion is the music of the deaf who can hear.”
“It's always never worth the money; until you possess it.”
“We all glow differently!”
“The best Gift is to realize how blessed you already are”
“Do my eyes reflect a vibe?”
“Coz Yolande means Purple and I'm loving it!”
“Friends are Family and Family is Bae”
“Coz Red is so Dangerously Lovely... U choose...Danger or Love?”
“They say eyes reflect reality...I believe it!”
“Coz Red is for LOVE and Love is BAE!”
“Me Right Now...lol...Takes 1 Snapchat Selfie and deletes 100 normal selfies...”
“Coz Black...is Beautiful!”
“Feel the Vibe...?”
“Lovely Hair = bae”
“These eyes... hypnotize!”
“Life can't always be perfect, thats why we capture memories to look back on!”
“Happiness is the cutest emotion I flaunt with pride”
“A smiling heart makes the soul shine brighter”
“Red is the Colour I LOVE ... coz Red is the Colour of LOVE”
“Magic Lasts Longer When Shared”
“There is always a Reason, when its the Season...so lets smile together”
“Being Nerdy is so close to being awesome sometimes”
“Style can leave someone speechless but I suggest you focus on that Smile!”
“Sometimes we gotta do what we love to love what we do!”
“In love with doing things to flaunt my soul, non-temporary things!”
“The older we get, the more our eyes hold, the more expressive it gets!”
“Some random clicks shine brighter than we expect!”
“You never fail to make my smile bigger than it is”
“Sometimes random clicks turn out to be the prettiest of all”
“I ain't that bad with words but I'll let my eyes do the talking!”
“My eyes reflect the passion I hold for my dreams”
“True Elegance is Measured by Simplicity”
“unless I am myself, I am nobody.”
“Happiness starts with a cute snout and lots of Fur...I promise you it doesn't end here!”
“Smile coz its therapy for your heart that cleanses your soul; reflecting in your eyes!”
“IT'S NOT ALWAYS ABOUT THE POUNDS LOSTMORE ABOUT THE STRENGTH GAINEDQWANA B.G.R.F”
“When you're given the opportunity to change your life, be ready to do whatever it takes to make it happen. The world doesn't give you things. You take things.”
“Here they resisted to the last, with their swords if they had them, and if not, with their hands and teeth”
“Make your Mark without Erasing who You are...!...Words of Wisdom...take or leave!”
“Closeup Clicks are Crazily Cute!”
“Your own life struggles are enough to motivate you.”
“The quest of one man is the quest of all mankind.”
“What motivates a person is a sense of meaning. A clearly defined, even uniquely determined role in life brings about life satisfaction.”
“You cannot cross the ocean before leaving the shore.”
“As long as you keep moving, it doesn't matter how slowly you go.”
“You are the entire ocean in a drop, not just a drop in the sea.”
“Identify your whys to motivation. One positive thought is the key to inspiration. Tweak a bit to approach the target. Don't lose your mind, Just one step will work up the rest!”
“You cannot separate brokenness from brilliance.”
“You will understand the true meaning of a friend in time of need.”
“A gigantic tree begins with an invisible seed.”
“Silence and Smile: Those are two powerful weapons.”
“If you are critical about the flaws of others, then make sure you are not blind of your own.”
“If you are - unable to appreciate others, at the very least, thank them.”
“Lie may last for a few hours, but the truth will last forever.”
“Your action - A hastiness lead to regret, but patience and empathy leads - to peace and happiness.”
“One who is capable of forgiving others is wise.”
“Wealth comes like a turtle and leaves like a wind.”
“Blue is said to be the colour of Magic, did you notice or should I blink again?”
“Life is govern by principles not by how you feel.Just image a farmer who does not sow his seeds & decides that he is going throw them on the roof because he feels so, well he is sure not going to have a harvest.”
“Your Children will See What You're All About by What you Live rather than What you Say.”
“Like all rivers, they will eventually lead to the sea.”
“When you get home this evening, when this day is over and the night takes us, allow yourself a deep breath because we made it through this day as well. There will be another one along tomorrow.”
“Actions are the seed of destiny.”
“We all live in a myriad of dualities.”
“We are deluded by Maya, and we are the slaves of illusion.”
“It is by your faith that you can stand firm.”
“If people can choose against GOD thier CREATOR don't think they won't choose against you.”
“External objects are not the ones that intertwine us. It’s the inner attachment that ties us in.”
“We are solely to blame for our misery.”
“Momentum is the "it" factor in life. If you want success build momentum.”
“It is your choice whether you laugh or cry; it is your life.”
“My life's vision is to set an example for the youth”
“Our minds are constantly filled with self-doubts and internal conflicts that accuse us of being helpless, miserable, stupid, and deceived.”
“It is better to elevate yourself through the power of your mind than to lower yourself because the mind can be both a friend and an enemy to the self.”
“The mind is the source of both bondage and liberation.”
“Every journey begins with a small step”
“The choice is yours..., the way you want to live!”
“The most successful people are full of enthusiasm. There is an unmistakable fire in their eyes. They speak and act with passion.”
“Anyone can nurture of myth about their life if they have enough manure, so if the grass looks greener on the other side of the fence, that's probably because it's full of shit.”
“The most expensive thing that you can buy in the most densely populated places on the planet is distance.”
“God can not save you from knifes and stones dear, that is why we are here - to save each other.”
“Nothing is unwanted in this world. Everybody & everything has value. Never worry about the value. Beyond every unwanted stage, you will find recycled & reborn stage.”
“History continues until we learn from it and change our course.”
“Everything is for our enjoyment.”
“Inspire one and inspire another, inspire me to look for me and embraces me.”
“Charisma without character is like fire without heat, it doesn't burn anything.”
“Even a zero can make 1 worth more”
“We all have a list of things that we failed at. This list is not kept in our mind to remind us of the failure, but it's there so we remember that we cannot let that be the thing we are known for. We must try again - this time, we will not fail”
“The MORE you clean up, the more you climb up”
“The best reward comes from our collective effort and energy.”
“Every sunrise is an invitation to rise and make someone's day brighter.”
“Celebrate your success, then set your eyes on the horizon; there is so much more to do!”
“Life is a boomerang. What you give, you get.”
“The sharp jagged edges of memory are where both pain and motivation lie.”
“Always pursue glory. Shine like the stars. Burn up with ambition. Shed your old skin. Try, try, and try again. Fail, fail, and fail again. But fail better, and one day you will not fail at all.”
“Whatever life throws at you, what you make of it is entirely up to you.”
“Even good paddy - is punished by being pounded with the pestle to yield rice.”
“We do what we do because we are who we are.”
“One way of motivating yourself towards implementing your idea is to ask yourself; what and how much would I lose if the idea is practicable, doable, and feasible but I lacked the guts to act and push it to reality?”
“Many things are going to seem few if you desire many things.”
“We constantly place value on the material world and consider it to be the source of ultimate truth and happiness.”
“How you live now determines the kind of life you will live & have from now,for if you keep doing the same things then expect the same results.”
“Consciousness is only an image, swipe it off, and you are free.”
“When consciousness ends, that is where the otherness unfolds naturally as a whole.”
“Character is when alone and nobody is watching while behavior is when one is in the stage spotlight.”
“When there is nobody to encourage you; learn the art of encouraging and motivating yourself. Many times you will find yourself in situations where everybody looks at you for encouragement, including yourself for that matter.”
“The highest call in life is when you give yourself to others and expect nothing from them”
“Our minds control us; we do not control our minds.”
“When you travel mentally from a low point to a high point, the ensuing inspiration eclipses the negativity of the initial downfall.”
“We need each other more than ever.We cannot get through it alone,find the hope to move forward and doall we need to doalone,find the joy and beautyaloneto have the incentiveto find the hope.”
“I personally believe that fear is a great motivator. Being afraid can even be healthy, as you really achieve something grand when you get to the other side of your worst nightmare.”
“The mission of a man is his message.”
“Every sunrise is an invitation for us to arise and brighten someone’s day.”
“A true beggar is unable to discover his true wealth.”
“Guilt provides far more effective motivation than greed. For greed, at times, can be satiated.”
“Any intensely lived emotion simply liberates us from those very emotions.”
“When you don't have a mentor you suffer in the hands of tormentors.”
“Memorisation come from the head but meditation is from the heart.”
“Difficulty is the foundation of growth, which is the foundation of greatness.”
“We sometimes have to exercise to want to exercise.”
“To memories is to think with your head; to meditate is to think with your heart.”
“To purify yourself, you must first learn to pray.”
“Of course, it comes down to a little creativity and a lot of motivation. The creativity is inside all of us. The motivation is rougher.”
“A solution to a problem may be effective, but that doesn't mean it's the best solution”
“Inside us, there is a part of every nation, every religion, every culture, every tradition and every language. We are the world.”
“The kind of seed sown will yield the same type of fruit.”
“The Magic all begins with YOU.""You are the company you keep."Positivity gets Positivity back.”
“What we want comes from participation; life does not happen by itself; we must make it happen.”
“Our world has no place for cowards.”
“Everyone is intertwined with the past, present, and future.”
“What do you do when there's nowhere to turn? You drive straight ahead.”
“We can’t simultaneously think of two things.”
“Never apologize for who you are.”
“Life With Adventure”
“Make the most of every moment.”
“Ali, pre ili kasnije, i u najiscrpljenijim telima mora se skupiti nova snaga, kao što i najveći krčag mora biti do vrha ispunjen kišnicom, ukoliko pljusak dovoljno dugo potraje.”
“I’m a rebel in the game of chanceI have learned to enjoy the spiritual danceI have yearned to speak the language of truth I have the power to inspire our youth”
“My smile is big and speaks of love I carry it around like a silky glove When you turn and look at me What do you see, what do you see”
“• Utilize science to help others lessen effects of painful memories• Experience new cultures, languages, lifestyles, and countries• Help others (and yourself) avoid/overcome identity theft, burnout, bankruptcy, and divorce”
“Love can make the world come together Opening our hearts to the futureOnly love can make the world come together Come together, changing the weather”
“We find out what is obviousWe discover what is curiousAt last the puzzle has been solved Into dreams that evolved”
“Choose words wisely, wisely you will learnThe manner in which we choose to express Determines the outcome of this game of chess”
“Is this how we want to live our livesIs this how we want to shape our archivesAngry and bitter from moments that left us empty Forgetting why we ever thought it was a good decisionTo get stuck tied down in the wrong kind of vision”
“Hope appears as a distant stranger Where ghosts are quiet and lack strength Unaware that they will confront danger When ideas start to display their length”
“Within the dimensions of an infinite dance, Lives a crowd that looks for a unique tree, It serenades hearts to join its trance,So they can swim in the beautiful blue sea”
“Our behaviour should correspond to our thoughts and actions.”
“I think that negativeEmotions have their place ConfusionAngerSadnessFearThey have their placeThey set a paceEach unraveling a unique faceAnd it’s up to our choicesWhether we learn from their voices”
“That’s what you say That I’m different And uniqueRight?Am I right?Because that is meI always fightI fight and fight and fight all day Long after everyone has left And gone awayLong after there is no play”
“iconic women travel the world charming others with their beautytheir distinct personality leaves a mark on everyone who is aroundbecause a warm and genuine smilehas a special kind of style”
“As with all daring and successful men the tricks and devices of his subconscious nature were much more formidable than his rational schemes; and so by a sort of automatic protective instinct he kept them subconscious.”
“One glance brought you to your kneesIt was like a trip on a rocket to the moon She threw away fear’s locks and keys By playing to the magic of her own tune”
“A queen of a magnificent typeAn angel from a mysterious time The iron lady escaped all the hype She made every moment her prime”
“Deep and clear ideasHave a way of coming true They sense every single clueI always seek to discoverOptions and their subtle bordersI know their kind never accepts orders”
“We cannot be in the present if we are still clinging to our past.”
“Live every day your way, and wear your blessings well. In Jesus name, amen.”
“Every story has a story. And always more important than a story itself, is the reason behind why it was told.”
“Why be human when you can be a god?”
“Be better today than yesterday as new opportunities may arrive giving you a chance to be a better version of yourself.”
“Rise higher when you fall... be confident to face it all... and focus on making the impossible possible!”
“Never justify yourself for who you are, your attitude leads to whom you want to be...”
“Give hope to your inner self to rise above with your self-esteem, work through it and you will succeed.”
“Sometimes you gotta lose a few people to succeed.”
“Like a star you shine bright, like the moon you throw light, make your own luminosity so strong that no one ever dulls your life...”
“Self-believing and self-realization will help you become stronger mentally and will guide you to take proper decisions in your life...”
“Proving something to yourself is more important than proving anything to others.”
“Life takes a magical turn when you start believing in yourself, cast your own spells, and see your life-changing...”
“Fearless is another word for self-confidence, staying fearless like a beast, and not giving up on being successful is an achievement in itself...”
“Self-esteem and pride are the two main tools that build confidence, don’t lose them or you will lose yourself...”
“Your attitude decides your victory, follow your intent, plan your strategy and win the rewards of life...”
“Don't doubt your instinct of becoming bigger, follow the intuition and grow in life because intuition guides you to be more assertive and self-dependent...”
“Inhale positivity and exhale negativity because positivity will resolve 90% of the issue most of the times!”
“Self-confidence is one of the sharpest weapons you have and I am sure losing it isnt wise!”
“Do not compare yourself with others as you are greater than you think you are...”
“To start something, you need an idea and to work on it you need confidence, so plant the idea and let the confidence grow with time!”
“Master ignoring the unnecessary worry and embrace the positiveness that gives you the confidence to face any issues you might stumble upon.”
“Build walls of self-esteem and self-confidence in order to make sure the Vibes are just the ones you really wanna feel...”
“Your attitude helps build the future you, learn to Improvise by learning from your previous mistakes and deciding to never walk those roads again.”
“Be a light of your own darkness, bloom with immense light within to surpass all obstacles in life...”
“We must accept our current circumstances before we can change them.”
“By changing ourselves, we change our lives.”
“The strongest of all psychic forces in the world is unsatisfied desire.”
“Just as learning has no end, so does growth.”
“It's okay to step back, take a break, stay away from the maddening crowd. Figure out what you want in life. Never too late to start again. Regroup and return stronger. It's not a sign of weakness.”
“I am glad I have never experienced writer's block. Once I start, I can't stop. I won't even try to start, until I am motivated enough. Music always helps. I have a soundtrack for every book I've written. At least, one song per chapter.”
“Our lives are entirely the result of our efforts.”
“There is always a law of connection; we just have to be observant and tune into it.”
“What we want comes from our participation; life does not happen by itself; we must make it happen.”
“Dream it, to achieve it! because dreams will turn into reality only if you start working on them!”
“Dream higher to reach higher, never lose faith and watch how things go great!”
“There is no easier way to success, strive hard and work smart...”
“The inner craving of success will help you achieve your goals and rise above all...”
“Challenges have no limits, strive to be the best and seek success.”
“Every step a beginner takes leads him to be an expert someday!”
“Believe in yourself because that is the actual start to planning and executing your goals.”
“Hard work will only pay off when you actually start working hard!”
“Focus on goals, take small steps, keep your targets in mind & never give up coz there is no shortcut to success!”
“Working as a team only allows you to achieve set goals but if you surround yourself with the right companions, you ought to achieve much more...”
“Passion comes naturally when you like what you do, but confidence builds only once you believe that you are the best at what you love.”
“You won’t get applause if you don’t work for a cause!”
“Focus on your skills then improve it, the more you improve the more you grow...”
“Consistency is the key to build an empire, be consistent and continue to follow your dreams.”
“The blessing of the day is to wake up and start working on your goals as planned.”
“Determination is the root of success, believing in success will make you unstoppable and your dream will bloom into reality...”
“Mentally prepare for what you have been striving for and work on it step by step to make your dream a reality...”
“Stairs are the only option to reach your desire, just take a new step and keep walking till you reach where you wish to be...”
“The purpose of life is to lift up yourself, motivating yourself, and stay optimistic all the time; to be who you really are!”
“Don’t stop yourself to follow your dreams, continue following your dreams, and be someone whom you never expected to be...”
“Plant the seed of hard work and eat the fruit of success...”
“Engage yourself in work so that there is no time for regrets, stay focused on your work, and ignore the negative energy...”
“Choose the right career path and with passion continue working on it...”
“The power of confidence is to start believing in yourself and increase your potential to be who you want to be...”
“Be confident in your own skin and face your insecurities with pride.”
“Self-belief is the key to define the future, make your own path, and reach the destination of your life...”
“Courage can gift you with immense opportunities; you just need to try and take a leap of faith...”
“Being yourself is not a failure, it is a win towards your own problems and so fight your battles, increase your inner strength and be tough...”
“Glorious feelings don't need permission, you just need to maintain positivity so that comfort and consistency finds its way to build your dreams.”
“Tell your heart to keep beating and stand strong, and eventually you will bounce back to see colour in the world.”
“Just as life has no quick fix; transformation lacks a flick-switch approach as well. Investing in a better version of yourself will take time but pay you rich dividends as well.”
“You cannot restore and heal in the same environment that made you ill.”
“If a mere mortal like me can turn every predicament of life into a testimony of courage; then you can tap into the same power. All you have to do is find that flame and fan it to burn brighter than the force that tries to smother it.”
“Trust your scars to find who they need to heal. Understand that people will leave your life and make allowance for it, no matter how unwilling you are to let them go.”
“Life finds a way when love finds a way, and love finds a way when the human makes a way.”
“If you plant love and kindness, you will reap what you sow.”
“within you there is a power you haven’t tapped into yet. Within you is a potential you haven’t even scratched the surface of. But aren’t you sick of living in your potential and not living out your potential?”
“So yes, come as you are, but be prepared that you aren’t going to stay here. Transformation is coming. And it’s coming because it’s necessary.”
“What I didn’t realize then was that an upgraded version of my life would require an upgraded version of me.”
“People are born from the womb of the world with different sensitivities, and the world needs every single one of you to experience it fully, so that it might be fully experienced.”
“Nothing is permanent in this material world. All that you smell, hear, touch, see, and taste are outcomes of Prakriti and they are transitory - 'One moment here, the next moment it is gone.”
“Once you feel accomplished doing the inside work, the outside work will start to become easier, like second nature, because now you have mastered how to use your internal feelings to fuel your physical world.”
“All inanimate objects, things, and living bodies in this universe go through the cycle of inception, maintenance, and dissolution.”
“Leaders set direction, build and inspiring vision where they want to go, and create a path for others to follow.”
“JULY - Joy Unlimited Locate You”
“If you heal the brain, you heal the pain.”
“Living is a burden without the sweet life of love.”
“Thou must gather thine own sunshine.”
“Life is a journey..., a yearning for love.”
“Once you carry your water, you will learn the value of every drop.”
“Life denotes the beginning of dying, and death denotes the origin of life.”
“You should motivate yourself, NOW!”
“It is assignment that determines your attainment in life.”
“Just because it didn’t work doesn’t mean it was the wrong choice.The world is full of probabilities, not certainties.Find a game where the probabilities favor you and keep taking shots.”
“If you know where you want to go in life, people tend to help or get out of the way.Both of those are useful.”
“Your willpower is equal to your desire. Your actions are a reflection of your will.”
“As your action is, so is your destiny.”
“Strength does not come from winning. Your struggles develop your strengths.”
“Wake up to the transitory nature of things – this will free your mind.”
“You can realize no significant change without changing your actions.”
“All of our thoughts, words, and deeds flow from a chain of 'cause and effect'.”
“If you can't be nice to other living things, don't harm them either.”
“You cannot win the battle of your enemy that you respect.”
“Happiness lies in peace, it can take us a minute or even years to accept this fact.”
“Happiness is not a path it is a destination.”
“Positivity keeps a person happy, it’s all about the VIBES!”
“Make your soul happy by doing simple things.”
“Surround yourself with people who bring mental peace and joy in your life.”
“Start Now! but believe in Yourself, Take Baby Steps...One Day, you’ll leave behind the Rest!”
“Don't doubt your skills improve it, levelling up is the way to go!”
“No need to prove anything to anyone when you already understand your self-esteem.”
“We all need to Ignore the regrets, accept change and live a happy life only then can we say we moved on to a better Future!”
“Some decisions are not made to live a life without pain but to live a happy life with future gains...”
“Don’t give the key of consent to someone unworthy!”
“Value your ideology and believe in your self-esteem!”
“Achieving something in life brings great joy and happiness.”
“Never settle for others, settle for yourself and bring peace and joy within.”
“The more the merrier to share the Joy that’s achieved when we succeed, but dont forget the ones who held your hands during the Journey.”
“Your own lamp of light shall seek you happiness in time, always remember!”
“Your joy is directly proportional to the efforts you put in, so hold ur expectations to the size of your efforts.”
“Be a rose that gives fragrance of overwhelming happiness not a thorn that pricks unexpectedly.”
“If you Seek...you shall Find... Many beautiful reasons to stay happy in every season.”
“Enjoy every moment with yourself even if your standing alone coz some people won’t even travel half way through in crowds.”
“You deserve to be held responsible for your own happiness.”
“Be a dewdrop and spread happiness in the lives of others because life is too short to waste time thinking you cannot!”
“Give your family the happiness they deserve and seek peace within because at the end Love is all we are accountable for!”
“Self-worth is another meaning of happiness to those who want to believe!”
“A bad memory can lead to sadness but a good memory will keep you happy, now you know what you wanna choose!”
“Be humble and be kind for then it is your life that will yield happiness in abundance.”
“Connect your consciousness and bring out the joy and happiness from within...”
“Every single day of your life you do about a hundred things you have no interest doing. To get through the day. And it starts with getting up!”
“Who you are is defined by your deepest driving desire.”
“Being able to Read and Write is a massive Blessing Bestowed upon us, use it to help those who cannot!”
“Don't just aim for the Sky, look further into the stars and reach out to the Galaxy!”
“Don't be a mediocre standout and be a boss!”
“Envision yourself to be what you want!”
“Stay low grow slow, talk less do more!”
“Your creative outflows do not define, determine, or justify your value or significance; they simply reveal that it’s already there!”
“Astuteness is consistently cautious, warning, ‘Be careful,’ whereas love says, ‘Goodness, don’t bother!’ ‘Dive in!”
“Comfort is the goal of the man with no vision.”
“The suffering of one man will sting us all. The happiness of one man makes everyone grin.”
“What’s a greater joy than to see the one you helped smile coz of you?”
“Being tired is better than being broke, so make sure you do your best and leave to God the rest!”
“Manage your time doing something productive and in time you will be happy to see what all you have achieved”
“Lift others with you and others will lift many more, soon when you look back at where you started you will be proud that you did!”
“Think every possible way to be an entrepreneur as the future to your success can be built by you alone!”
“An entrepreneur sees reward, not risk!”
“Be proud of the work you are skilled at because no task is small and no job isn’t enough, every seed sown is a blessing for each one of us.”
“Predicting the future isn’t what you should focus on, hard work is where your concentration should lie, your future will be built even if you don’t judge.”
“Courageous decisions make the best entrepreneurs, its all about when you decide to start!”
“Build an empire and make it a brand.”
“Secrecy is the best way to show people your results!”
“Don't worry about being slow, we all fasten up with Confidence!”
“Start from scratch grow with cash!”
“A well-planned day makes you a better focused entrepreneur with a greater vision.”
“Sell what others can't! Always remember... UNIQUENESS IS VALUED!”
“Plan your dream but focus on your goals!”
“The ultimate stimulation is being underestimated and then over exceeding expectations!”
“Connectivity is the key to grow your opportunities.”
“Deliver what others never expected and watch how you climb the ladder of success faster...”
“Become a legacy by building your own empire but don’t forget to thank everyone who was part of your success!”
“With your brain veritably defined by its dynamic neuroplasticity, the cage that holds you back is an illusion. Your brain potential is unlimited.”
“The people who would disrespect you without knowing you are not the kind of people whose respect means anything.”
“Immerse yourself in the world or the industry that you wish to master.”
“You'll never get from where you are to where you want to be if you keep your focus on the fact that you are not there yet. See it the way you desire and feel it ‛‛as if’’ it is happening.”
“You deserve to create what’s in you to create.”
“The rhythm of moving through the mountains has a way of wearing away the rough edges of the ego.”
“Pain is growth.”
“Fear in its role as a protector is good when you have someone waiting at home and you don't want their lives disrupted because of your own adventurous spirit ..”
“Nature makes no distinction between creating and destroying life.”
“The cyclone ends. The sun returns; the lofty coconut trees lift up their plumes again; man does likewise. The great anguish is over; joy has returned; the sea smiles like a child.”
“Nothing in life is a problem, everything is a possibility”
“Human imagination is the seat of discrimination. It has two choices: to imagine a world without fear or imagine a world with amplified fear.”
“Love is eternal; the aspect may change,but not the essence.”
“Life is a journey...a yearning for love.”
“The goal of life is perfection; every incident, no matter how minor or significant, and every adversity we face are all part of a divine plan that will all work out in the end.”
“Death is the greatest fear of all living things, even though we all know it is the ultimate truth.”
“Fear of death transforms all living organisms into predators or prey in the food cycle.”
“The predator's dread of scarcity haunts it while it hunts for food, and the victim's fear of predation haunts her as she tries to escape being hunted.”
“In my world, women’s motivation change.”
“The “Me” comprises the mind and the body. Property, knowledge, and relationships are all part of “mine.” “Not mine” refers to everything else in the world over which one has no control.”
“It is never too late to ask yourself, ‘Am I ready to make a life change?’ Is it possible for me to change from within?”
“I find it terrifying how so many people are prepared to spend so much on motivation and inspiration, yet spend so little on education and information.”
“One should be revitalized and reborn at every beat and with each new breath.”
“Everything that you look at, even the things you like, or the people that you disdain or abhor, exists in you to varying degrees.”
“Acumen binds individuals in tangles and danger, but love breaks all boundaries and dangers.”
“ALL doubt, whether from myself or others, is the enemy of my dreams and goals. I have zero tolerance for doubt.”
“I am more than the moments that locked my essence in trauma. Using every ounce of pain, never forgetting my worth, moving away from the drama.”
“Self-awareness— understanding our own motivations, our strengths and challenges—is the key to getting ready to mentor.”
“In a world of shallowness and narcissism motivation is yet another commodity that can be gift-wrapped and sold to all those suckers who are just begging to be ripped off.”
“If you are not curious about the world around you I suggest you get curious. Without curiosity, you are the living dead.”
“We played the main role in the doing of some things we didn’t do, by saying they couldn’t or wouldn’t be done.”
“Never allow a struggle to turn your sky into a ceiling. You must believe there's always a way.”
“Life crashes like waves against the shore of my heart. Your love has become the safe harbor from which my soul can never depart”
“If you have a dream, don't let it go unfulfilled. Gather the courage to believe in your ability to succeed, and make the necessary plans to make it a reality." – Shree Shambav”
“As I stood there watching the mists softly rise, I wondered what vista could be more beautiful than this. The dense mist obscured visibility at times. The wind howled and roared as it swept through." - Shree Shambav”
“Happiness cannot be the goal because you already have it”
“You can do everything, this is not useful for you. if you don't believe it”
“If you want to know the power of an idea just know, that it can change your whole life”
“The biggest problem is thinking about the problem and thinking about the solution the greatest solution”
“She needed the stimulus of an occupation which would take her out of herself.”
“Let "them" sleep on you. Just make sure YOU never do. You are your own muse.”
“A perfect traveller who, as it flows, overcomes all obstacles. It cuts through the rock, flows through the meadows, crosses the dense forest, clears all the dirt in its path, and sets off on its own wonderful adventure.”
“#shreeshambavPlant the seeds of love, kindness, empathy, and compassion, and they will return to you in abundance, according to nature's law. -Shree Shambav”
“We came from the earth, we return to the dirt, and we bloom, fade, and wilt in between.”
“Trees provide inspiration, roots provide drive, and leaves provides perpetual change.”
“Every flower represents a soul that is blooming with beauty and innocence.”
“Maya or illusion always overpowers the soul. Does it mean that Maya is mightier?”
“We do not have to renounce what we have; we have to forsake what we do not have. - Shree Shambav.”
“In this life cycle, one must willingly carry out one's responsibilities by serving living beings while appreciating the beauty of life.”
“Go so fast you leave fear behind”
“I am only uncomfortable when I find myself comfortable. I literally hate comfort. It is where all dreams go to die.”
“English: "Each of us has a meaning, because our decisions influence others through the world." Česky: „Každý máme smysl, protože naše rozhodnutí skrze svět ovlivňují ostatní.”
“The Japanese do not need grandiose motivational frameworks to keep going, but rely more on the little rituals in their daily routines.”
“Overthinking is the greatest thief of our dreams.”
“You can climb the mountain with courage of concentration.”
“Tidak ada orang yang lahir di dunia tanpa alasan, tidak ada orang yang lahir dan tidak bisa mewujudkan setidaknya satu hal, apapun itu.”
“The Cause that caused Fear need not appear again. Therefore not fear about Fear”
“True behavior change is identity change. You might start a habit because of motivation, but the only reason you'll stick with one is that it becomes part of your identity.”
“The mystery of life is in this moment.”
“To pray to seek to be in God's presence.”
“A man on fire is a man of faith.”
“There is no learning without study.”
“Eita. Olha essa fera, bicho! Brincadeira! Quem sabe faz ao vivo e se vira nos trinta. Mais do que nunca, uma fera tanto no pessoal quanto no profissional. Errou. Esta pegando fogo bicho!”
“Little things don't make perfection but perfection is made out of little things.”
“No matter what happens to you, pray for strength to hold on.”
“Experience teaches you what you ought to know, which you don't know.”
“For a few seconds, a thought creeps in. He could pull his GPS and end it. He could hit that button, and they would come to find him within an hour. That's the easy way out. While looking down, a tattoo slips out from under his sleeve. Not Done.”
“If you can't help your self, God can help you, if you call on him, so that eventually you be able to do what must be done.”
“Pikiran yang kusut nggak bakalan jadi jernih kalau nggak diatasi sama pikiran juga.”
“HOME is where we want to be”
“Work hard enough and your dreams will become memories.”
“When the world shakes you up, stay grounded; and when the world tries to ground you, shake the world up!”
“Time is a human invention,You can slow down or you can speed it up.”
“We can only aspire to become unshakable when we take ownership for our state of mind and how we feel about situations life hands out to us”
“Be proud and stand tall; Ain't no one living your life.”
“Remain patient in your ways, for with The Universe, there are no delays and your rewards will do nothing but amaze.”
“Maintain your self-confidence and let your inner light shine bright, proving all your inner might and elevating you to a greater height of which you have the right.”
“You are worthy of the success you desire and will make your dreams come true, ignite your fire and prepare for your breakthrough.”
“Continue going after your dreams because you deserve them; life has many incredible experiences ahead of you. Today's obstacles are tomorrow's victories, and tomorrow's breakthroughs are today's possibilities.”
“Give more time to your loved ones; the best things in life are free, and loved ones are the greatest gift you get without a fee.”
“Embrace integrity and live your life honestly; always knowing who you are and in the dark nights being the star whose light spreads afar.”
“Stay diligent in your ways; anything you seek with diligence you shall find, and none of your requests to The Universe shall be declined; may take time, but that's because your blessings will be one of a kind.”
“Life will treat you the same way you treat others; you do yourself a favour by treating others as your sisters, fathers, mothers and brothers.”
“You help yourself when helping another; continue to serve; you shall soon receive the glory you deserve, and all your blessings, which have been in reserve.”
“Once you start being productive, dopamine is released in the striatum and parts of the prefrontal cortex. Suddenly you’ll have more energy and motivation to do the thing you really need to do.”
“A concept appears peculiar, much like an unsolved Rubik's cube, until it is propelled by imagination and knowledge, which catalyses its transition into an invention.”
“Whatever lay on the other side was unknown but staying in the same place would get her nowhere”
“You are blessed beyond measure and sharing your blessings brings everlasting pleasure.”
“. Many great things await you in the future, and with your wisdom life will be a game you skillfully manoeuvre.”
“Keep following your intuition and never forget that you are not doing this alone, you are constantly guided and all your needs will be constantly provided.”
“Accept your greatness; you have tremendous things to achieve that will leave you gracious.”
“Allow love to rule your life. Welcome more love into your relationships, your dealings with others and your sense of identity, which will shower you in unexplainable peace and serenity.”
“Divine assistance is working in your life right now, even if you don't see it. Your heart's desires are currently manifesting, compensating the time and effort you've been investing.”
“Trust your gut feelings and go for what feels right to you, which will always be the most rewarding journey to pursue.”
“You are a gift to humanity and meant to be shared with the world, dim your light; no more, and allow your wings to soar.”
“stay focused on your desires, knowing that you will make it happen so long as you never give up; victory shall be your cup.”
“Have a clear vision as to where you are heading in life. Things might not go to plan, but as long as you stick to the plan one day, you will cherish the day you began.”
“You are loved beyond your imagining and always protected and never neglected. Ask for all you need and just believe, what is yours is yours and will never leave, soon enough you must receive.”
“You are on the right path; harmony will encompass your life, bringing healing and turning your life into one you find appealing, leaving you in a delightful feeling, attracting even more abundance to which there is no ceiling.”
“I know me God and I know you see my heartI ain't afraid, nothing will tear us apart”
“There is nothing I fear as much as idleness - unemployment - inertia - lethargy of the faculties - when the body is idle, the spirit suffers cruelly”
“Life is never meant to follow a singular path.”
“Tout est possible. Il suffit de le vouloir. Les personnes qui ne réussissent pas ce qu'ils veulent faire, c'est parce qu'ils n'y croient pas suffisamment dans leur réalisation.”
“you do not need the sky to fly, you need wings to fly ~ Zoya”
“Celebrate your now on the way to your next.”
“On the other side of fear is everything you've ever desired!”
“Society teaches us to fall in line and be grateful even in times of injustice. It'll feel almost alien when you start speaking up but standing up for yourself is always the right thing to do.”
“If death should come over me, just know that I am happy to be free”
“Hurry kills you and you don’t even realise that hurry is a threat to your spiritual well-being and spiritual life. How can you think reasonably during a crisis especially when lives are being threatened?”
“Not one life reaches its potential until it is determined, dedicated, and disciplined.”
“Sometimes courage is a quiet fight, a dim softness within you, that flickers even on your darkest days and reminds you that you are strong, that you are growing, that there is hope.”
“Happiness becomes untethered to income, because once we can meet our basic needs, the lure of all the stuff it took to meet them, begins to lose its luster. Once extrinsic drivers start to fade, intrinsic drivers take over.”
“Identify reasons to be great instead of excuses to be mediocre.”
“A.D.A.P.T. — Always Do All Possible Things.”
“Success can't exist unless you have execution. Your work should show progress.”
“Common sense is more important than rights.”
“When you get too free, they kill you because you are getting too close to the truth. (Remember and never forget, The Gun Line BOSS) in my Eddie Murphy voice”
“I am headed to create classical moments, so that my son can have classic memories.”
“If you have no helper, remember there is a God who can help you.”
“A true hero expects no reward.”
“Some opportunities take time. Don't give up. Be patient, stay positive and watch them unfold. The best feeling in the world is getting paid to do what you love!”
“One of its primary roles is in motivation and reward. You probably know of dopamine because of its reputation as the brain’s pleasure juice. When you feel pleasure, you are getting squirted on by dopamine.”
“If wisdom is related to age, human wisdom is insignificant in the cosmic setup. Our universe is 13.8 billion years old.”
“Drama free workplace and ego free team mates are crucial for a healthier workplace”
“Each time I try, I lose my aim.And the pain startsall over again.It's not an easy target.It's hopeless.But after a whileI start again.”
“There are people who merely see what is.And there are people who look beyond what is.There are those who swim in the stream of history. And there are those who shape it.”
“Everybody in this world has something they need from it. We all have a shadow side, a kink in our personalities, a hunger that leaves us starving, whether we realize it or not.”
“If you want to see changes in our world, become an agent of change by taking the first step.”
“How do you validate ideas whose links to the past do not exist?”
“Coffee beans and water come together to create aroma. Brewing great ideas too needs minds with a different perspective to come together.”
“The treasure is hidden in diversity.”
“Between the walls of the known and unknown, there live the beliefs.”
“During your lifetime, you should work on at least one such dream project that is worth sacrificing every single comfort you earn or deserve to enjoy.”
“Everything we know today was unknown yesterday, and everything unknown today will be known tomorrow. We know so much, yet so much is unknown.”
“Humans will never reach a stage where they know everything.”
“If you have a dream, make sure to write it down to see daily in front of you. More you see to it, more you visualize your future to achieve it”
“Everyone gets few chances in their lifetime to mess up their life. Sorted heads cruise through those muddy patches unaffected.”
“If the earth is a hotel, our life is just about the time we spend in a hotel between check-in and check-out.”
“Your team are people, your customers are people. If you want to lead, you have to love people.”
“The emergence of success and recognition is hidden in years of hard working and pain submerged in obscurity; life is not designed to support overnight success.”
“Defeat is ninety five percent the condition and attitude of the heart and not the result of the struggle. We are defeated before we even put up the fight, that's why psychological warfare works!”
“If every moment is a pearl, are you a pearl gatherer or a crusher?”
“Executing ideas is as simple as taking the first step.”
“Trigger a thought in your mind, thereafter, your mind will create continuity.”
“Debt is like ice. Icebergs are dangerous, but once you apply a bit of heat (attention), the giant insurmountable force becomes something harmless that you can put in a cup and drink.”
“I’ve learnt only one thing in my life-Never to let the quest culminate At the railing of the skies-There’s a world beyond!”
“Keep writing, dreaming and creating. There are no boundaries to your imagination. Writers are gifts to the world.”
“Do Not let the crumbling of the dying Old World weigh down your Heart; For We Are here, To Create the New.”
“Imagine, Envision, & Create the World You want to See. The Future is Ours.”
“Failure is not an obstacle; it's a necessity.”
“Motivated people build better stuff.”
“The fastest way to get over anything in your life is by revisiting it and giving it a different meaning”
“The effort involved in splitting the wood will be amply repaid by the warmth that it brings to the house. However, at the point that the axe becomes heavy and my arms get sore, the idea of the warmth goes cold.”
“Values flow as blood in organizational culture. Only truthful values can create a healthy culture.”
“It is our attitude towards our decisions that decides our fate, not the nature of our decisions.”
“When it comes to choices, there is no one way our life is supposed to go. Each choice leads to another branch of possibilities and on and on it goes.”
“Work with all your heart, because - I promise 0 if you show up for your work day after day after day, you just might get lucky enough some random morning to burst right into bloom.”
“Discrete environments will be a thing of past. We are moving towards an incessant world - a world of infinite possibilities. Soon we will be entering the black hole of uncertainties. Are we ready for it?”
“We are part of nature which has a sequential environment - our current actions will affect our future decisions. The choices we make today, will decide what choices we will have tomorrow to choose from.”
“The answer to every challenge that the future will unfold is hidden in the present moment.”
“A positive attitude acts like a fork in the road, which effectively alters the course of your life for the better.”
“The greatest winners were once losers”
“Only believe, you shall behold.”
“The wood is not the fuel. The cold is the fuel. For the cold creates the passion for the fire.”
“You will never improve in life if you’re always living on easy street. Strength and progress can be gained if only you just step outside of your comfort zone.”
“There is nothing as heart-pinching as having regrets over not pursuing an opportunity that you know you had a shot at.”
“It's always too early to quit”
“When you control the supply of anxiety, your anger struggles for fuel and eventually turns the flame off.”
“Desires are the materialistic illusions of happiness. Reduce the flame of desire to control your anger.”
“Those who don't do, bark. Those who are humans, do.”
“Absence of obstacles, Is not a sign of achievement. Absence of obstacles, Indicates a lack of movement.”
“It is better to say No instead of pretending to have all the answers.”
“Rock bottom is somewhere none of us ever want to be, but sometimes it happens. It's a place that, if we allow it, can destroy us. On the other hand, it can teach us about the deepest, darkest parts of ourselves for our ultimate growth.”
“Those who don't lift, laugh. Those who are humans, lift.”
“Even the mountains bow, but not for self-absorbed snobs. Oceans part making way, only for those not afraid of storms.”
“Manusia terbentuk dari impian. Tanpa itu, kita hanyalah robot yang bergerak mengikuti hiruk pikuk dunia, tapi tidak mengiringi irama yang dilantuntan bumi. Dan impian bukan sesuatu yang absolut. Ia dapat berubah, bertambah, bahkan berkurang.”
“You have to be careful when having fun because what is fun to you may not be fun to someone else.”
“What is fun to you may not be fun to someone else.”
“People who are motivated away from things often experience a lot of pain and worry before they’re motivated to act.”
“Embrace your greatness”
“I’ve lost heart more times than I can count. But God has always helped me find it one more time than I can count.”
“The greatest test you will ever face is mastering yourself.”
“Motivation doesn't work unless your determination is up to the mark”
“It takes courage to be a champion.”
“If you have to hurt other people in order to feel powerful, you are an extremely weak individual.— Bobby J Mattingly”
“If you have to hurt other people in order to feel powerful, you are an extremely weak individual.”
“Healthy can be unhealthy too.”
“Rock bottom can be our greatest teacher - as long as we don't stay there for too long.”
“I believe, with all my heart, that anyone can improve and create a life they love from where they are right now.”
“Don't wait on anyone to tell you what you are worth. You have to be the first person who knows what you are worth and who can say what you are worth.”
“For once in your life be a total idiot, for the right cause, for there is no righter cause than the cause of humanity.”
“The power of the brain is stronger than the pain”
“The world isn’t changed by people who are ready.”
“You are the ink, pen and paper, your life is your own decision.”
“The only thing that overcomes hard luck is hard work.”
“A word builds a sentence, which builds a paragraph, which builds a page, which builds a chapter, which builds a book. Build with intent.”
“Conquer yourself before you go out to conquer the world.”
“I never consider my team just customer service representatives, rather service excellence providers. Anyone can serve customers, however my team is next level as provides excellence in service to customers.”
“Fall, fall and fall again, to fall without stopping is rising.”
“Competitions are for horses, not heroes.”
“Leading from the front is cliché. I lead from the back to push you forward or be there to catch you. I lead from the side because Im your ally and here to serve you. Leaders are accessible at all times.”
“Should our motivation to achieve be just for the sake of the achievement itself with no thought of who/what we become in the process?If we want to sincerely enjoy our lives, who we become along the way is far more important than what we achieve.”
“Mind is the sentient seed of all time and tide, yet we hide like roaches behind fate's fake hide.”
“Mountains bow when you start climbing, oceans dry when you start crossing. Awake, arise and boldly march forward, the path appears when you start walking.”
“Your approach is to attempt everything & believe in nothing; the world/Market situations are changing so rapidly that if you want to succeed you cannot afford to align yourself with a default approach or point of view.”
“No time? If you do one thing a day, you will have done thirty things in a month.”
“I don’t work. I write - Niedria Kenny”
“Intelligence is knowing the what's and the how's. Wisdom is knowing when and where to use it. Humility is knowing the who and why.”
“Excellence doesn't just happen. Its a practise.”
“Do not apologize for having standards”
“Saying someone is lost is as crazy as saying there is somewhere they are supposed to be.”
“Organisations always want input with creativity and innovation but often have hierarchical control in place.”
“As Freud said, if you don’t pay you don’t get better.”
“Bersabar bukan hanya sebatas bertahan dalam segala rintangan. Sabar adalah tidak berbuat zalim meski mampu melakukannya.”
“We don't learn from our experiences, we learn from reflecting on our experiences.”
“A great world is only as far away as our willingness to make it great.”
“Whatever happens in your life, please stay alive. I believe you can do it. Don't ever give up.”
“Always remember that you already have power over those who try to have power over you.”
“Your dreams are free but the hustle is sold separately.”
“An idea upon which attention is peculiarly concentrated is an idea which tends to realize itself.”
“I’m closing the chapters on the me that I used to be and I’m opening the pages to the person I should have become a long time ago.”
“Change is inevitable, but evolution is optional ... So, I chose to evolve. What are you choosing?”
“She wasn’t a one in a million woman, she was a once in a lifetime lady.”
“Well being is a great wealth.”
“You can advance only by being larger than your present place; and no man is larger than his present place who leaves undone any of the work pertaining to that place.”
“The world is advanced only by those who more than fill their present places.”
“Don't cry for everythingJust try for something”
“So, we hide, and we fight, and we hide, and we train, and we fight.”
“A wise person keeps the faith and remains hopeful despite the dissemination of stupidity that surrounds them.”
“Like snails, humans are born small but sturdy. While we are shaped by our circumstances, our essence—temperament, traits, and talents—remain with us as we age. Over time, our spirit and strength grow with us like a snail’s shell.”
“Businesses have to stop thinking like a companies or corporations, we have to start thinking like customers. People is always the purpose for our business”
“People over profit always.”
“Never underestimate the impact of customer service. Every business has customers that needs to be served.”
“To ‘give up’ on the idea of ‘giving up’ is the first step in ‘getting up.”
“When you become a child with a child, you forget everything; That is the real state of happiness”
“It's one thing to get called into creation without being asked first,But it's an insult to injury to then be expected on top of that to work out what the hell you're doing here in the first (second) place”
“A quote equals a good book”
“You didn’t lose your power; you GAVE it away. It won’t come back on its own; you must TAKE it back!”
“Criticism and hate will always boost your confidence to achieve your goals”
“Your failures are your assets, make sure you remember it when you fail and especially when you are trying to succeed”
“When disaster strikes, be open to a solution.”
“The darkness of the night does not mean that there is no sun in this universe; Sadness does not mean that there is no happiness in your life: Just change the perspective, everything will change.”
“The empty glass is filled with air; Just change the perspective, everything will change.”
“As a service excellence provider, I always think about how to turn a customer's pain point into brownie points. Never underestimate the power of any customer transaction”
“Look, knowing is overrated. When we assume we know something, we don’t venture any further, dig deeper, or ask questions. When we’re married to ‘knowing,’ we overlook curiosity. Curiosity is where it’s at!”
“Of course there are limits. Every mountain has a peak. The beauty of this life is that there are many mountains to climb and new limits to reach.”
“Get Inspired, Be inspiring”
“It is always easier to blame Satan for our own deeds.”
“Till our next generations are not taught about the price paid by our ancestors to retain our identity, the will wind up choosing wrong Heroes.”
“Everything that matters rests on the realization that this life is an inside job”
“Listening to others can be hard. It is even harder if we don’t learn to listen to ourselves”
“It takes a whole life to switch from imagination to visualization!”
“Where there's a will there are ten thousand ways”
“The sense of greatness, the sense of education, the sense that we can always figure it out, find a way to overcome almost anything through learning and education”
“Until a child that has issues with learning is diagnosed by "an expert" as having a learning disability, nothing is wrong with that child except that his motivation and feelings about the said "learning" is inadequate.”
“Motivating your team is like cooking. You need to select and blend the right quality ingredients and serve them fresh as often as you can; otherwise, your team will get hungry and grumpy.”
“Go-getters don't know the term "couldn't".”
“Be a go-getter.”
“If we don't wind down, we'll never truly wake up.”
“The downs in life only make you appreciate the ups much more.”
“No Matter How Worst Your Life Is Passing,Always Remember,The Living You Have Today Is Already Some People's Dream.”
“Maybe the worst reason to do anything. I got scared.”
“I love travelling to places far from civilization. I always feel more civilized when I return.”
“When in phase of uncertainty, befriend yourself to a new discovery”
“I find that those who have the most to lose are the most motivated”
“I will not wait for later or the ‘right time’. There is only this time and I am ready to live in it.”
“Don't wait for the right moment. Just get started and learn along the way.”
“Don't try to change, be the changeDon't try to be good, be goodDon't try to be a Buddha, be a BuddhaDon't try to be successful, behave successfully”
“Life is but an experiment of trial and error, instead of fretting the future, cherish the experiment.”
“Always try to avoid looking backward and forward if you want to be upward.”
“When I want to do a thing I always can do it.”
“The grave tragedies we’ve experienced can help motivate us to unite for a better world.”
“Wealth can be created, but time cannot. The wealth you create is contingent on the time you put in. So, use all your time.”
“There's only one person better than you, and you see them in the mirror every single day. Never stop being you.”
“If you are tired of doing the work.You are tired of winning.”
“You aren't able to manifest what you are not doing or becoming.”
“Meditation is good for sound mind.”
“A growth mindset or a fixed mindset is a function of a person's motivation. A person's motivation shapes what and how he thinks, which in turn tells on his mindset.”
“If you want to go forward, You must take action and apply yourself”
“Don't doubt your dreams.”
“Purposefully pursue your dreams with all diligence.”
“Anxiety is never your fault. Neither is it an innate part of who you are. Change is possible.”
“There are four types of motivational forces: fear, dreams and desires, fulfilling big ideas, and transforming the world to make a better place to live. The fear and security, driven motivational forces are in the lowest level.”
“Human- A Peculiar animal, constantly in a race to prove something; which it’s not.”
“Those who are chagrined by their predicaments are incognisant of their higher motivations.”
“Spite is a perfectly good motivation.”
“Failure and rejections are just words. It is your choice to go ahead and be a champion or to just cry whole life.”
“Connection gives us the grace and grit to unleash our potential and endure the challenge of our daily mess.”
“To merge on the road you are meant to travel, means making a choice and then taking action.”
“The elements of the written word can be purely magical. I read and I write...I inspire and I’m living.”
“Inspiration ignites the spark of magic. Creativity is magic.”
“A good Athlete may not be a good Coach, likewise, a good Coach may not be a good Athlete”
“Gravity is the God and the Sun is the Son of God as our ancestors tried to teach us, they were scientists with unstoppable creativity”
“Have no room for people who set you back.”
“Faith is a full surrender to the Supreme Being.”
“Sometimes what others say about us matters the most.”
“Strong, vibrant, positive company culture values their people so greatly that no one feels like just a number.”
“Spiritually healthy employees are the greatest asset and partners an organization can have. They are positive, solution-seeking, and unifying people.”
“Great leaders understand that it is impossible to compartmentalize elements of life, so they create opportunities for people to grow in every area.”
“The ‘purpose’ element of onboarding is where you begin to lay the foundation of success for your new team member.”
“People are the lifeblood of any business.”
“Believing you can’t find good people is like saying you can’t grow your business.”
“Culture has the single greatest impact on your bottom line.”
“A strong, positive culture holds us accountable for taking responsibility and finding solutions.”
“Leader, you have to know your why, for yourself and your business.”
“The magic to recruiting is going to where the people are, and the people are living on social media.”
“You want your people recruiting, especially your highest performers.”
“This is about designing a culture that is so strong and healthy, your team can’t stay quiet about their experience.”
“There is an art to developing people.”
“The people within your leadership are a direct reflection of you.”
“Behaviour is your character in action”
“Hard work does not pay off. Your discipline does.Working hard ones is not enough. Work hard as a habit.”
“As a leader, my job as a CEO is Culture + Excellence Officer. My team are proffessionals, they know their job. I just maintain culture and drive excellence.”
“Magic will happen, Just distance yourself from negativity.”
“When you have done your homework and hard work then let God work on you so you become successful.”
“Difficulties only add value to a dream.”
“If you get tired, learn to rest not quit.”